============================================================================
Title Pages


AN ALIEN HARVEST 
Further Evidence Linking Animal Mutilations And  Human Abductions To  Alien Life  Forms 
LINDA  MOULTON  HOWE 

Forewords  by  Jacques  Vallee  & Jim  Marrs 


AN ALIEN HARVEST

Linda Moulton Howe is a graduate of Stanford University with a Masters Degree
in Communication. She has devoted her film and television career to documentary and
studio productions concerning science, medicine and the environment. Ms. Howe has
received local, national and international awards, including three regional Emmys;
a national Emmy nomination; a station Peabody Award for science and medical productions; 
Aviation & Space Writers Award for TV Writing Excellence; a Chicago Film
Festival Golden Plaque for A Radioactive Water; Colorado’s Florence Sabin Award for
“outstanding contribution to public health”; a 2010 PRG Courage In Journalism Award
and many others.
In 1979, as Director of Special Projects at the CBS television station in Denver,
she began research into the worldwide animal mutilation mystery, which has haunted
the world since the 1960s - and continues to date. The result was the Emmy award-
winning documentary A Strange Harvest. By 1983, she contracted with HBO to produce
a documentary about U.S. government knowledge of ETs abducting humans and killing 
and mutilating animals around the world. In April 1983, she was shown an alleged
“Briefing Paper for the President of the United States” at Kirtland AFB in Albuquerque,
New Mexico. The paper discussed unidentified aerial craft (UAC), grey-skinned beings
and “Tall” humanoids retrieved from crashed disk sites. The briefing implied centuries
of alien involvement with Earth, including genetic manipulation of Earth life.
In 1989, she authored and published the first edition of An Alien Harvest, her
synthesis of ten research years about the non-human phenomenon that includes animal
mutilations. That book was followed by three more: Glimpses of Other Realities, Volumes I and
II © 1993 and 1998. Those are about U.S. military, intelligence and civilian testimonies
concerning non-human interactions with Earth; and Mysterious Lights and Crop Circles
© 2002 about biophysical and biochemical changes in mysterious crop formations. In
1991, she was contracted with Paramount Studios as Supervising Producer and Original
Concept Creator for an hour special, UFO Report: Sightings, which was first broadcast on
October 18, 1991, and lead to the Sightings series on Fox.
Linda produces, reports and edits the award-winning science, environment
and Earth mysteries news website, Earthfiles.com, honored with a W3 Silver Award and
WebAward for News Excellence plus an Encyclopaedia Britannica Award for Journalistic
Excellence. Her monthly 3-hour radio news reports about science, environment and
Earth mysteries are broadcast on Premiere Radio Networks Coast to Coast AM throughout
North America. Linda has been interviewed for all seasons of the History Channel TV
series, Ancient Aliens.
Linda has traveled nationally and internationally to speak at conferences, including 
NASA’s Goddard Space Flight Center, and has been interviewed on a Larry King Live
special, CNN; The O’Reilly Factor, Fox; Sightings and Strange Universe, Fox; NBC’s The Other
Side; Britain’s Union Pictures, ITN and BBC; The Discovery Channel special Evidence
On Earth; the NBC network special, Mysterious Origins of Man. In May 2013, Linda was
interviewed by retired U.S. Congressional panelists in the 2013 Citizen Hearing at the
National Press Club, Washington, D.C., about America’s policy since WWII to deny facts
about extraterrestrial intelligences and their interactions with Earth.


“An Alien Harvest told by Linda Moulton Howe, is as intriguing
and absorbing as a good spy novel. She has had the energy - and guts -
to pursue her field work. It is a compilation of challenging data.
The issues it raises should concern all of us. ”
-Jacques Vallee, Astronomer, Computer Scientist, Author
Anatomy of A Phenomenon, Messengers of Deception, and Dimensions


THE COVER is a 30-second time exposure of an unidentified light moving
in the sky above Ashdown, Arkansas, at 8:30p.m. on January 25,1988. Jim Williamson,
then-Editor of the Little River News in Ashdown, took this time exposure with an F-stop of 4
and a 300mm lens. The object was noticed about 20 degrees above the horizon. An astronomer
with a radio astronomy program reviewed the film and negatives and said the object does not
follow the path of stars or planets. The light appears to have made two 90-degree turns at the
end of a straight flight path within the 30-second time exposure on 1,000 ASA speed color film.


First published in the Little River News, Ashdown, Arkansas, February 4,1988.
Jacket design © 1989 by
Linda Moulton Howe Productions.
Printed in U.S.A.


“I know no safe depository of the ultimate powers of the
society but the people themselves, and if we think them
not enlightened enough to exercise control with a
wholesome discretion, the remedy is not to take it from
them, but to inform their discretion.”
- Thomas Jefferson (1743-1826)
in a letter to William Charles Jarvis, September 28, 1820,
Third President of the United States and
Principal Author, The Declaration of Independence


AN ALIEN HARVEST - Further Evidence Linking Animal Mutilations And Human Abductions To Alien Life Forms

Linda Moulton Howe

Forewords by Jacques Vallee & Jim Marrs
First published 1989
© Linda Moulton Howe 1989
First Printing, Special Limited and Numbered Hardback Edition, 1989
Second Printing, December 1990
Third Printing, January 1993
Fourth Printing, January 1995
Fifth Printing, May 1997
Sixth Printing, April 2000
Second Edition, First Printing, September 2014

The author gratefully acknowledges permission to reproduce portions of
The Cosmic Sheepdog© 1985 and Elements of the Equation © 1998 by Robert C.
Girard, Arcturus Books; portions of The UFO Crash/Retrieval Syndrome: Status
Report II© 1980 and The Fatal Encounter at Ft. Dix-McGuire: Status Report TV
© 1985 by Leonard H. Stringfield; and permission by Houston’s KTRH
NewsRadio to publish the transcript of the Thanksgiving 1976 Haley and
Emenegger interview.

Printed in the United States of America at
Bang Printing, Brainerd, Minnesota
Library of Congress Catalog Card Number: 2014908041
ISBN 978-0-9620570-0-7
LMH Productions
Post Office Box 21843, Albuquerque, New Mexico 87154-1843


Dedicated to
ranchers and law enforcement
who have seen and asked why.
“It’s very possible that
these mutilations are being
done by creatures from outer space.”
- Lou Girodo, Former Chief Investigator,
District Attorney’s Office, Trinidad, Colorado,
and Sheriff, Las Animas County


Acknowledgements
This book did not happen easily.
There are several friends who helped me.
My heartfelt thanks to:
Richard Sigismund
for the first edit long ago.
Ann Douden
for her skills with page and graphic layouts and cover design.
Dorothy Aldridge and David Perkins
for sharing their newspaper files.
Marc Barasch and Bob Girard
for their encouragement to keep going on to print.
Randy Byers, Steven Wood, Maryse Elias,
Stan Anderson, Christine Jurzykowski, Timothy Good, James Jackson,
Carol Burland and Barbara Somerfield for critical readings.
Jim Westby and Carole Sullenberger
for their thorough and intelligent proofreadings and edits.
Rik and Judy Rydlun for 1st edition computer help;
2nd edition Paul Rhetts, Eric Vanden Heuvel, R. Henel, Molly B.
Colleagues and sources who share the search for truth.
A special thanks to my smiling daughter, Laura,
for her patience and love throughout.
And to my wonderful parents for being there, always.


An Alien Harvest

Contents
Forward
Author's Preface
Chapter 1. 1967, A Horse Named Lady
Chapter 2. 1970-1974, The Midwest Terror Begins
Chapter 3. 1975-1976, The Mutilation Panic
Chapter 4. The UFO Factor
Chapter 5. The 1980s
Chapter 6. A One-Way Harvest
Chapter 7. Government Knowledge
Chapter 8. Military Voices
Epilogue
Appendices 1-17
Photographs, Illustrations and Publications List
Bibliography
Index


======================================================================
Foreword


An Alien Harvest is a book which is designed neither to entertain
nor to reassure, but to inform and to question. It is a compilation of
challenging data, assembled by a dedicated investigator. The issues it
raises should concern all of us.
Since at least 1967, farmers in the American West - and
throughout farm and ranch areas around the world - have reported
thousands of abnormal animal deaths that do not match natural or
predatory patterns. A high percentage of these deaths, generally accompanied 
by the bloodless removal of some organs, have remained
unsolved after examination by forensic and law enforcement experts,
and this percentage is too high for comfort.
Now Linda Moulton Howe takes her investigation further by
exploring the link between these strange deaths and the observation
of unidentified glowing objects over the areas where mutilations occur.
This is a subject that most researchers of the UFO phenomenon have
stubbornly refused to consider, as I discovered when I brought the issue
before the public in 1975 in Messengers of Deception.
Linda Howe has had the energy - and the guts - to pursue
her field work. She is now laying open the entire problem with a comprehensive 
report on the observations, citing her sources, her witnesses
and the experts she consulted about this intrusive phenomenon that
has been persistent for decades.
She also reports on disturbing conversations that have placed her
in contact with government officials, who made tantalizing but unverifi-
able revelations about ongoing U. S. intelligence programs that are studying 
actual UFO hardware behind the fences of various military bases in the
United States. Not only are such aerial technologies being studied,
whistleblowers claim, but so are some craft occupants as well.
The story told by Linda Howe is as intriguing and absorbing as a
good spy novel. But, as a good spy novel, it also raises new questions. In
this hall of mirrors, what are the intelligences and agendas behind
the mutilations, glowing aerial craft and entities?
Linda Moulton Howe is not simply fulfilling her role as an investigative 
journalist when she asks these questions; she is also performing 
an important service on behalf of the American public.

Jacques Vallee
San Francisco, CA
Spring 1989


Foreword
One of the strangest stories I encountered in my 50-some-odd
years as a journalist involved a cattle mutilation. It is in mid-April
1979 when I attended the first - and only - national conference
on cattle mutilations in Albuquerque, New Mexico. This gathering
of ranchers, cattlemen, law enforcement officers and both state
and federal officials was organized by then-U.S. Senator Harrison
Schmitt in response to the growing accounts of mutilations occurring 
across the country.
The crowd was abuzz with talk of the mutilations, lights in the
sky, unmarked government vehicles and even Satan worshippers.
They were there seeking answers to the mutilation mystery. They
were disappointed.
Before anyone could bring evidence or testify to their experiences, 
New Mexico U.S. Attorney R.E. Thompson told the attendees
that since some mutilations took place on Native American land, this
placed the issue under federal jurisdiction. He urged attendees, including 
law officers, “not to bring out any evidential material which
might be used at a later trial.” Thompson’s words placed a chill over
the entire conference, with several lawmen privately saying they
had been “muzzled” and that both state and federal officials were
attempting to downplay the strangeness of the mutilations.
In the hallways, I was exposed to even more strangeness. Lt. Don
Rystrom from Arkansas’s Benton County Sheriff’s Office, along with
Arkansas State Police Sgt. Doug Fogley, let me examine color slides
of a cow mutilation they investigated.
Rystrom said after developing film taken at the mutilation site,
he discovered a strange blue shaft of light rising about two feet
above the side of the cow. The light was visible regardless of the
angle the photograph was taken and, oddly, ended in mid-air. The
cow was lying on its side and the tube of bluish light rose from the
stomach area of the animal perpendicular to the ground.
Believing the light was the result of damaged film or a camera
defect, Rystrom examined the camera thoroughly and then returned
to the mutilation scene with a fresh roll of film. As before, no one
at the scene observed the blue shaft of light. But, upon developing,
there the blue beam was again!
I held these color slides in my hands and studied them carefully.
Being an amateur photographer and having taken photography
classes at my university, I could not explain either the presence of
the light or the way it abruptly ended in mid-air.
In later years, Rystrom was located by TV producer and investigative 
reporter Linda Moulton Howe. He acknowledged both the
photographs and the mysterious blue light and told her the sheriffs
photo lab had no explanation. However, he did not have the photo
and related files to show Linda, he said, because they had been taken
from the sheriffs office. He did not know by whom or why.
Read on as scientific journalist Linda Moulton Howe presents
her amazing accumulation of evidence for one of the strangest and
most mystifying issues of our time.

Jim Marrs
Springtown, Texas
July 10, 2014


An  Alien  Harvest In  the  photograph  below,  Linda  Moulton  Howe  directed  cinematographer  Richard  Lerner while  filming  a  dead  and  mutilated  bull  on  the  C.  E.  Potts  ranch  in  Walsenburg,  Colorado, October  17,  1979,  for  her  KMGH-TV  documentary  A  Strange  Harvest. Linda  Moulton  Howe  has  received  local,  national  and  international  awards  for  her documentaries  about  science,  medicine  and  environmental  issues,  including  Regional  Emmys for  Fire  in  the  Water,  A  Radioactive  Water  and  A  Strange  Harvest. Photograph  by  David  Perkins. XVI 



======================================================================
Author's Preface


On September 1, 1979, I began researching bizarre animal
deaths that were making headlines as they had periodically for a
decade. Much of my television work as Director of Special Projects
for the CBS affiliate in Denver involved stories about environmental
issues. I thought perhaps I was dealing with a contamination story
- maybe the government had accidentally released some kind of
poison into the land and was randomly spot checking tissue from
grazing animals to monitor the contamination’s spread. That was the
context in which I began the investigation to produce the documentary 
film A Strange Harvest.
But I quickly learned from newspaper files that the strange,
bloodless mutilations had been reported worldwide. Further, it did
not make sense that the government would brazenly leave the carcasses 
to be discovered by a shocked public. Within a month, after
talking with dozens of ranchers, law enforcement officials and fellow
journalists, who had investigated the intense mutilation activity in
1975-1976, I heard one “off the record” UFO story after another.
A Wyoming rancher said that an orange, glowing disc the size of a
football field had approached him one night in 1976, while he was
watering a field of barley. That same year, the rancher found two of
his cows mutilated.
The description of orange or white glowing lights and/or
beams of light shining down from something silently hovering
above pastures was a common theme among people I interviewed.
The documentary shifted from environmental contamination to an
accumulation of human testimony that implicated the presence of
extraterrestrial mutilators. Throughout this book, my definition of
“extraterrestrial” (E.T. or ET) includes alien intelligences from this
universe, other dimensions or timelines.
After A Strange Harvest was first broadcast on May 25, 1980,1 received 
hundreds of phone calls and letters from people with their own
stories about encounters with strange lights and mutilated animals. I
proceeded to work on another documentary called A Radioactive Water
about uranium contamination of drinking water in a Denver suburb
while the Harvest correspondence files grew. It was as if each day I
walked in two worlds: one without UFOs in it and a parallel one in
which UFOs were dominant.
By 1982, the head of documentaries at Home Box Office
(HBO) in New York City screened A Strange Harvest. I was asked if
there were additional materials to develop for an HBO film. I replied
with a proposal for a documentary called UFOs: The E. T. Factor. It was
accepted, a development contract was signed, and I left Channel 7 in
March of 1983 to begin the HBO project.
Three weeks after I began research on the script, I went to the
Air Force Office of Special Investigations (AFOSI) at Kirtland AFB in
Albuquerque, New Mexico. An AFOSI agent gave me some pages to
read entitled “Briefing Paper for the President of the United States of
America” about extraterrestrial aerial craft or vehicles and non-human
beings. I was told that the government had decided to disclose information 
to the public about its contact with alien life forms. Further, I
was told that several thousand feet of color and black and white film
would be provided for the HBO documentary. That film was described
as historic, shot between 1947 and 1964. The content concerned UFO
crashes, retrieval of dead alien bodies - and at least one live E. T.
In spite of detailed discussions about how and where I could
edit the historic footage under strict security, the government never
provided the film. An HBO executive decided that without the historic
film and government documentation of its authenticity, she would
not go forward with the project even though the original program
treatment never included such information. Perhaps stopping the
documentary was the government’s objective from the beginning.
Whatever the motives were in 1983, the UFO phenomenon with its
many complex features - including animal mutilations and human
abductions - continues to the present day.
Secrecy and deception have marked the behavior of both the
government and non-humans. But some private viewings of alleged
government material concerning UFOs and extraterrestrials have
occurred. Included in this book are some examples of government information, 
including leaked documents and responses to Freedom of
Information Act (FOIA) requests. There is also government misinformation. 
Much government money and energy have been devoted to
fracturing truths, restructuring history and even experimenting with
tests of true information disguised in Hollywood and TV productions 
and other media. Why the effort, unless E.T.s are someone’s
serious concern?
I offer these pages, photographs, documents and transcripts as
pieces in a complex puzzle. The pattern emerging is that at least one
non-human intelligence is manipulating and harvesting Earth life,
that the alien life forms are controlling and using human ignorance
to accomplish the harvest and that the purpose of the harvest includes
sustenance and genetic experimentation.

Littleton, Colorado
March 3, 1989
and Albuquerque, NM
March 31, 2014


=====================================================================
Chapter 1. 1967: A Horse Named Lady


The Pueblo Chieftain, Pueblo, Colorado, October 7,1967
SIGHTINGS REPORTED
Dead Horse Riddle
Sparks UFO Buffs


After sundown on Thursday, September 7,1967, rancher Harry
King said good night to one of his family’s favorite horses. He did
not know that would be the last time he would see Lady alive. She
was a healthy 3-year-old Appaloosa that belonged to Harry’s sister,
Nellie, and her husband Berle Lewis. Harry had good pasture land,
so Lady grazed on his ranch eating the chico bush, sage and grass
that grow in the San Luis Valley of southern Colorado.
Each evening Lady went back to the ranch for water where
her mother, Snippy, was corralled. But Lady did not show up on
September 8th. That next day, Harry King found her on her side
near the edge of a small, flat clearing in the chico bush. Her body
had been stripped of flesh from the neck up. The exposed skeleton
was so white and clean that it looked like the bones had laid in the
sun for days. But Harry knew he had seen her alive and well two
nights before. The rest of Lady’s body was untouched.
Harry said, “That neck was cut so smooth it couldn’t have been
done even with a sharp hunting knife.”
Sunday, September 10, 1967, Nellie and Berle arrived at Harry’s
to see the bizarre death. Nellie was shocked and thought she smelled
an odor “like incense” or something medicinal. And she agreed with
Harry about the cut on Lady’s neck.
“It wasn’t hacked off - it was very neat and that was what was so
odd,” she said.
Berle Lewis said that when they searched the ground, Lady’s
tracks stopped about 100 feet southeast of her body.
“It looked like she jumped around in a circle,” Berle said. “But
there was nothing else, no tracks of any kind between there and
where we found her. It was clean all around her.”
There were no tracks around Lady’s body, but forty feet south of
her was a broken bush.
“Around the bush,” said Berle, “was a three-foot-circle of six or
eight holes in the ground about four inches across and three to four
inches deep.”
Late that summer there had been many reports in the San Luis
Valley about strange lights in the sky. Harry’s 87-year-old mother,
Agnes King, said the night Lady disappeared she saw a “large object”
pass over the ranch house. Her eyesight was not good, so she was
not sure what flew over. One resident, Duane Martin, reported that
he saw very small “jets” zoom at terrific speed and low altitudes at
seventy-five feet or less in the area where Lady was killed.
“They don’t look like any jets I ever would expect to see,” said
Duane. “They’re kind of a dark color, with maybe an olive-drab or
green tint.”
Two weeks later, John Henry Altshuler, M. D., visited the San
Luis Valley. Dr. Altshuler, a doctor of pathology and hematology, who
studied at McGill University, was working as a pathologist at Rose
Medical Center in Denver, Colorado, in 1967. When I met him in
1988, he was Assistant Clinical Professor of Medicine (Hematology)
and Pathology at the University of Colorado Health Sciences Center
in Denver and had his own private practice. Dr. Altshuler was the
recipient of several awards for his contributions to medical research
concerning blood coagulation and held seven patents for medical
inventions. This is his eyewitness report of his own secret examination 
of Lady in September 1967, written here for the first time.
“I had heard about all the mysterious lights being seen in the San
Luis Valley. The stories provoked my intellectual curiosity. I was just
getting started in my profession as a hematologist and did not want
anyone to know I was going to investigate the reported UFOs.
So I took a Friday off, packed my wife and three young children
in the car and took off as if going on a long weekend vacation But
my true intent was to find out what was happening with UFOs in the
San Luis Valley.
We checked into a motel in Alamosa and that night I went out
alone into the Great Sand Dunes National Monument park. I wanted
to see for myself if strange lights were really there as reported. I knew
when I went into the park that no one was supposed to be there after
10 p.m. But my curiosity was intense. I stayed out there all night.
About 2:00 - 3:00 a.m., I saw three very bright, white lights moving 
together slowly below the Sangre De Cristo mountain tops. I knew
there were no roads up on those rugged mountains, so the lights could
not be cars. They were definitely not the illusion of stars moving.
Those lights were below the tops of the mountain range and moved at
a slow, steady pace. At one point, I thought they were coming toward
me because the lights got bigger. Then suddenly, they shot upward
and disappeared.
At the time, I was both elated and disbelieving in a way. I
knew the lights were not my imagination, that the stories about
UFOs were true.
When the sun came up, I was still out there. Park police found
me and gave me a rough time for being in the park. They wanted to
know who I was and why I was there. I begged them not to give out
my name.
I was afraid I would lose my job; my career would be finished if
my medical colleagues learned I was out investigating UFOs. I was
young. I could not risk being laughed out of Denver with a wife and
three kids.
When I told the police I was a medical hematologist, they told me
that a horse had been found about ten days earlier dead and strangely
cut up not too far away. In fact, I believe it was one of the security
police who took me to the Harry King ranch where I met Nellie Lewis.
She took me into a pasture about a quarter of a mile from the farmhouse. 
There was the dead horse.
The first thing I remember she told me was that Harry King never
heard any noise the night something happened to Lady. Nothing woke
him up and yet there was her prized horse lying dead and stripped of
flesh from the neck up.
When I got close to the horse, I could see that it was also cut from the
neck down to the base of the chest in a vertical, clean incision.
At the edge of the cut, there was a darkened color as if the flesh
had been opened and cauterized with a surgical cauterizing blade.
The outer edges of the cut skin were firm, almost as if they had been
cauterized with a modern day laser. But there was no surgical laser 
technology like that in 1967. Today when we use cauterizing to
control bleeding, the flesh still has a soft pliable feeling. But the edges
of that horse cut were stiff, leathery and a bit hardened. I cut tissue
samples from the hard, darker edge. Later, I viewed the tissue under a
microscope. At the cell level, there was discoloration and destruction
consistent with changes caused by burning.
Most amazing was the lack of blood. I have done hundreds of
autopsies. You can’t cut into a body without getting some blood. But
there was no blood on the skin or on the ground. No blood anywhere.
That impressed me the most.
Then inside the horse’s chest, I remember the lack of organs.
Whoever did the cutting took the horse’s heart, lungs and thyroid.
The mediastinum was completely empty - and dry. How do you get
the heart out without blood? It was an incredible dissection of organs
without any evidence of blood.
I begged everyone not to reveal my name or where I was from. I
was unbelievably frightened. I couldn’t eat. I couldn’t sleep. I was so
afraid. I would be discovered, discredited, fired, no longer would have
credibility in the medical community. My experience in 1967 was
so overwhelming to me, I denied the experience to everyone, even to
myself. It was a matter of self-preservation.
Today I have enough confidence in my reputation and ability that
I am no longer afraid to say that I saw three UFOs that night above
the sand dune valley in September 1967, and examined the horse that
was surgically worked on with some kind of burning instrument. ” *

* The first significant laser use in medical surgery
was not until the late 1970s to early 1980s.

Nellie Lewis was certain that something very eerie had happened to
Lady. She and her husband called Alamosa County Sheriff, Ben Phillips.
He was used to thinking in terms of coyotes and lightning. So he said
it must have been lightning. Sheriff Phillips never did see the horse
and did not make a report.
Not only was the sheriff unconcerned, Berle and Nellie had a
hard time getting anyone out to see Lady.
Finally, Nellie Lewis talked to the staff of The Pueblo Chieftain
newspaper. By that time, she was convinced that UFOs were somehow
involved in Lady’s death and mutilation. The result was an October 7,
1967, story headlined: “Dead Horse Riddle Sparks UFO Buffs.” It was
the first mutilation article reported around the world. It was also the
first reporting error on Lady’s name and sex. The dead horse in that
first story was called “Snippy” and a “he.”
Berle Lewis told me, “The newspaper got the mother mixed up
with the daughter and the name Snippy stuck. We didn’t bother to try
to change it. Not sure why they called her a male.”
So, Nellie Lewis’s story that UFOs had done in Lady - also
known as Snippy - made international headlines.
That’s how the public reporting of the animal mutilation mystery
began. But I have firsthand testimony from a former 1950s CIA agent,
reported at my news website Earthfiles.com in 2008 and 2014, that he
and others in a Top Secret CIA unit housed in a southeastern U. S. Army
base were investigating worldwide animal mutilations and even human
abduction cases in 1958 and reporting to President Dwight Eisenhower
and Vice President Richard Nixon!

Other sources say the mutilations go back at least to the beginning
of the 20th Century. But Lady’s spooky death in September 1967 and
the thousands more to follow around the world has haunted ranchers
and law enforcement agencies throughout Canada, the United States,
Puerto Rico, Mexico, Central and South America, Australia, the
Canary Islands off the coast of Africa and parts of Europe.
The same September 1967 that Lady died, there were similar
bizarre horse deaths reported in Canada.* The month before in
August 1967, on the Sarcee Reserve near Twin Bridges in Alberta, a
dead horse was found where a witness claimed a “domed saucer craft”
had been seen earlier that day.
Then in early November, two horses were found dead near
Livingston, Ontario. One had a long cut on its neck. The other had
“its throat sliced and jugular vein cut off, yet there was no evidence of
blood.” That was November 6,1967. The day before, near Livingston, a
person reported seeing a large UFO. After it disappeared, a sulphurous
odor remained in the air.
* Source: Res Bureaux, Kingston, Ontario, Canada, 1980.


1967: A Horse Named Lady
The Pueblo Chieftain, Pueblo, Colorado, Saturday, October 7,1967
The Pueblo Chieftain96th Year
SIGHTINGS REPORTED
Dead Horse Riddle
Sparks UFO Buffs
By THE CHIEFTAIN STAFF
ALAMOSA (C-SJ)-The death
of a horse in the San Luis Valley 
during early September appeared 
Friday to have sparked
a renewed interest in unidentified 
flying objects throughout
the West.
In Houston, Tex., a group of
UFO enthusiasts left Friday
night for the San Luis Valley to
inspect the dead horse and also
to investigate many reported
UFO sightings in the valley.
A Texas radio station reported 
a flood of calls Friday morning 
after broadcasting the story
of the bizarre death of the Ap-
paloosa owned by Mr. and Mrs.
Berle Lewis of Alamosa.
The horse was found dead
Sept. 9. The flesh and hide were
stripped from the neck and
skull leaving the remainder of
the body intact. High levels of
radiation also were reported in
the area of the animal’s body.
See “Something”
Lewis, the owner of the horse,
said that increased sightings of
UFOs in the area have been
noted during the past six weeks.
“We see something - I won’t
say what it is-every night”
In the Houston area at 6:06
p m. Friday, UFO seekers said
they spotted two high-flying
cigar - shaped objects - each
about half the size of a football
field-on a course “plotted” to
take them over the Southern
Colorado area.
In Boulder, James Wadsworth, 
research investigator for
the University of Colorado UFO
project, said an investigator
will go to the San Luis Valley
this weekend to investigate the
horse’s death.
Mrs. Charles Blundell, wife of
the maintenance crew foreman
at the Great Sand Dunes National 
Monument, Friday said the
latest sightings brought back to
her mind a curious incident
which happened to her in late
1966.
Mrs. Blundell said she saw a
crescent-shaped object over the
Sand Dunes last December.
Later she painted a picture of
what she had seen.
“Peculiar Man”
During the past summer, a
“peculiar man” approached her
and asked to	buy	the	painting.
She said she	did	not	want to	
sell, but did set an exorbitant
price on the painting. She said
the man, who said he was “not
of your world,”	told	her	he
would return in October to buy
the painting.	He	has	not	returned.

The UFO seen by Mrs. Blundell 
glowed brightly. It also was
seen by her daughter, Terri, 14,
and neighbors. Mrs. Blundell
says she does not believe in flying 
saucers and believes there
is a logical explanation.
Similar Sighting
A week ago, scientists at the
National Atmospheric Research
Center near Palestine, Tex., reported 
seeing a crescent-shaped
object in the sky, much like the
object described by Mrs. Blundell.

Texas observers also have reported 
a sharp increase in
sightings of UFOs in the area
during the past two weeks.
One thing is certain in Southern 
Colorado. Saucers may or
may not exist, but people are
seeing something, Snippy the
Appaloosa is dead, and the
circumstances surrounding his
death are far from clear.
NOTE: “Snippy ” was actually an Appaloosa mare named Lady.


Lady,  about  three  weeks  after  death, September  1967. Photo  by  Don  Anderson.



Statesman,  Salem,  Oregon,  Friday,  October  6,1967 22-(Sec.  Ill)  
Statesman,  Salem,  Ore.,  Fri.,  Oct.  6,  '67 
He  said  the  death  could  have been  caused  by  something else-perhaps  a  secret  private laboratory  experiment-but he  doubted  it.  Flying  saucers  are a  more  distinct  possibility  because,  Lewis  said,  “we  see something-I  won’t  say  what  it is-every  night.” He  said  “any  night  you  want to  check  you  see  something  besides  airplanes.”  He  said  the sightings  have  been  more  frequent  the  past  six  weeks  although  he  and  his  wife  have spotted  strange  flying  objects  for four  years. Strange  Lights  Seen Lately,  he  said,  the  objects have  been  like  pulsating  green and  white  beacon  lights.  They pulsate,  stop,  move  on,  stop again,  then  go  out,  he  said.  Others,  Lewis  said,  are  just straight  lights,  moving  fast. The  Lewises  said  strange  jet plane-like  objects,  flying  extremely  low  and  extremely  fast, have  been  seen  recently  in  the foothills  area  where  Snippy  was killed. Earlier  this  year,  there  were reports  from  a  man  who  said  a football-shaped  object  followed his  car,  a  student  who  said  a  cigar-shaped  craft  hovered  over  a field  and  a  woman  who  said  she saw  a  brilliant  blue  crescentshaped  object  with  a  small flashing  light. 9 Horse  Killed; UFO  Blamed By  BURL  OSBORNE Associated  Press  Writer ALAMOSA,  Colo.  (AP)  -  Did Snippy  the  horse  come  out  second  best  in  a  tangle  with  a flying  saucer? Mr.  and  Mrs.  Berle  Lewis, owners  of  the  3-year-old  Appaloosa  whose  mutilated-and  reportedly  radioactive-carcass was  found  in  a  remote  area  of southern  Colorado’s  San  Luis Valley,  declare  firmly  that’s what  happened. Others,  with  varying  degrees of  expertise  in  the  field  of  unidentified  flying  objects  (UFOs, disagree. Radioactivity  Clinches  It “I  discounted  everything  else after  it  (the  carcass)  came  up radioactive,”  said  Lewis,  a  carpenter  in  Alamosa,  an  area where  reported  UFO  sightings have  been  almost  as  numerous as  the  population  recently. Sheriff  Ben  Phillips  said  he has  not  looked  but  figures  Snippy  probably  was  killed  by  lightning. Dr.  Edward  U.  Condon,  who heads  the  Air  Force-financed UFO  study  at  the  University  of Colorado,  said  the  story  sounded “pretty  far-fetched.”  He  said there  were  no  immediate  plans to  send  a  team  to  investigate. Rejects  Scoffers Lewis  discounted  these  opinions.  “Lightning  don’t  do things  like  that,”  he  declared. “That  sure  as  hell  don’t  boil  all the  meat  off  the  bones  and  take it  away  and  never  leave  a speck,”  he  said.  Lewis  reported when  the  carcass  was found Sept.  10,  on  the  remotely  located Harry  Xing  Ranch  20  miles northeast  of  here,  every  trace  of flesh  was  gone  from  the  shoulders  up.  The  rest  “was  as  perfect  as  the  day  it  was  killed.”  he said,  but  the  bones  of  the  neck and  head  were  bleached. Two  weeks  later,  a  Forest Service  employe  checked  the area  with  a  geiger  counter  and recorded  extremely  high  radioactive  readings,  Lewis  said. Some  black  material,  like auto  exhaust,  was  found  near the  scene  and  also  showed  high radioactive  readings,  he  reported,  explaining  the  material  was taken  from  irregularly-shaped spots  about  12  to  18  inches  in  diameter.  There  were  about  15  of them  in  a  500-square-yard  area about  100  yards  from  the  carcass,  Lewis  added. 



=====================================================================
Chapter 2. 1970 - 1974: The Midwest Terror Begins


Newsweek, September 30, 1974
MYSTERIES:
The Midnight Marauder
Each day, just before dusk, ranchers
and farmhands pile into pickup trucks
and fan out across the rolling prairie of
northeastern Nebraska. They park mostly
on ridges or hilltops, where they can
scan the pastures and the narrow roads
that wind through them. With rifles and
shotguns leaning against their trucks, the
men watch nervously, smoking cigarettes
and talking with each other over a network 
of citizen’s-band radios. Some of
the men will stand guard all night, yet
none of them really knows what he is
looking for. “I’ve never seen anything
like this,” says State. Sen. Jules Bur-
bach, who has represented Knox County
for eighteen years. “Folks are almost
hysterical.”


After Lady’s death, the mutilators moved on to the Great Lakes
area and expanded their strange harvest into Minnesota, Wisconsin,
South Dakota, Iowa, Kansas and Nebraska.
Between 1970 and 1974, twenty-two mutilated carcasses had been
reported in Minnesota. One was a heifer on the Frank Schifelbien
farm near Kimball, Minnesota. In December 1974, the young animal
was found dead inside a circle of exposed soil surrounded by snow.
There was not a single track.
“That just isn’t realistic,” said Terrance Mitchell. He was under
contract then with the University of Minnesota to lecture about the
various UFO phenomena. “There was something unnatural that occurred 
there.”
So many farmers complained to congressmen and senators
that the story finally appeared in the September 30, 1974, issue of
Newsweek. The magazine reported the mutilations in an article called
“Mysteries: The Midnight Marauder.”
A few residents report sighting strange creatures
resembling bears and gorillas, and at least one farmer
claims that a shiny UFO landed in a field where a
slaughtered animal was later found.



Since last May, more than 100 cattle
have been found dead and gruesomely
mutilated in Nebraska, Kansas and Iowa.
On John Sunderman’s farm outside
Madison, Neb., a cow was killed with a
blunt instrument last June and her udder
and sexual organs were cut off. When a
veterinarian examined the corpse, he
found that all of the animals blood had
been drained. On the nearby ranch of
Vern Stringfield, a month-old bull calf
was clubbed to death. Its blood was
drained off, too, and someone cut a
hole in the calf’s side, removing the
intestines and coiling them neatly next
to the head.
Rumor and anxiety have produced a
host of unproved theories to explain the
bizarre events. Many people, noting that
some of the victims were black, suggest
that devotees of witchcraft may have
done the foul deeds. “It could be someone 
setting up a fertility cult of some
kind,” says Richard Thill, a Cerman-
studies professor at the University of
Nebraska who teaches noncredit witchcraft 
courses, “or it could be someone
putting you on. If they are putting you
on, they are pretty sick.” A few residents
report sighting strange creatures resembling 
bears and gorillas, and at least
one farmer claims that a shiny UFO
landed in a field where a slaughtered
animal was later found.
Rustlers: Still others think the killings
may be the work of marijuana smugglers, 
who supposedly use searchlight-
equipped helicopters to harvest the wild
stands of pot known to grow in Nebraska. 
A helicopter often has been seen
hovering over the range around the time
of a mutilation, and some ranchers swear
they have been chased down lonely
roads by choppers. Helicopters are also
said to have been used in cattle rustling,
and some stockmen think the rustlers
may be collecting blood and organs as
lures for cattle grazing on the open
range this fall.
As the tension mounted, law-enforcement 
officials held statewide conferences
to sift the accounts and to calm the rifle-
toting cattlemen. They organized a posse
for a fruitless search of the area. The plot
thickened when autopsies were conducted 
on some of the dead animals. The
doctors reported that most of the animals
had died of natural causes, such as bacterial 
infections and kidney disease, or
from swallowing oil that had been
dropped on the range. Afterward, the
medical reports concluded, the carcasses 
were chewed by predator coyotes, 
wolves, buzzards, eagles or even
magpies.
Cuts: The explanation doesn’t suit everyone. 
“Why didn’t we notice this sort of
thing in other years?” asks one skeptic.
“The predators are not wolves," insists
Senator Burbach. “They are a semidomesticated, 
two-legged animal called
man.” Noting that many of the cuts
seemed to have been done with a blade,
Gorden Gruber, an organizer of the patrols, 
remarked: "I’ve yet to see a coyote
who can chew a straight edge.”
Some officials are beginning to worry
that the real danger is not some ghostly
butcher, but the keyed-up vigilantes
themselves. After two slugs pierced the
canopy of a utility-company helicopter
checking power lines, the Nebraska National 
Guard ordered its helicopter pilots
to cruise cross-country at higher altitudes
than usual-generally 2,000 feet instead
of 1,000-to avoid being fired upon by
frightened ranch hands. “I would hate
to think what would happen,” a Guard
spokesman told Newsweek's William
Schmidt, “if one of our pilots was forced
to put down a disabled chopper in a
pasture at night. Someone might get
killed.”

Newsweek, September 30, 1974*
* Newsweek Inc. All rights reserved. Reprinted by permission.


At first the sheriffs were baffled. And so were the ranchers. Day 
by day, month by month, there were more and more carcasses. No
one could understand it. Healthy and alive one day, dead and mutilated 
the next. Cattle, horses, pigs, goats, sheep, rabbits ... even deer.
The animals all looked about the same. An ear missing, an eye
missing, sometimes a circle of hide taken around the empty eye
socket, one side of the lower jaw stripped of all flesh, the tongue cut
out from deep within the throat, the sex organs removed in cookie
cutter, hide-deep precision and the rectum cored out. No blood. No
tracks.
By the spring of 1973, there had been so many reports of dead or
missing cattle and pigs in Iowa that U. S. Attorney Allen Donielson
asked the FBI to make an “intensive investigation.”


The Des Moines Register, Des Moines, Iowa,
April 19,1973
Burgeoning Losses Bring
FBI Into Rustlers Probe
By Charles Harpster
Hog and cattle rustling and
livestock frauds in Iowa “are
now of such proportions” that
they are a federal problem,
U.S. Atty. Allen Donielson said
Wednesday.
Donielson said he has asked
the FBI to launch an “intensive
investigation” into growing
losses of livestock in Iowa.
Join Forces
The FBI will join the Iowa
Bureau of Criminal Investigation 
and several county
sheriffs in their investigations,
said Ronald L. Maly, special
agent in charge of the Omaha,
Neb., FBI office.
Donielson said FBI agents
will cover all areas of livestock
thefts, including the possibility
that airplanes or helicopters
are being used to aid rustlers.
©1988 Des Moines Register and Tribune Co.


Two  years  later  in  1975,  Colorado’s  U.S.  Senator  Floyd  Haskell also  asked  for  FBI  help.  But  the  Bureau  said  it  had  no  jurisdiction  to investigate,  stating,  “there  is  no  evidence  of  interstate  movements.” 


Gazette  Telegraph,  Colorado  Springs,  Colorado,  September  24, 1975 
FBI  Won't  Help  Investigate State  Cattle  Mutilations 
WASHINGTON  -  The  Colorado  Bureau  of  Investigation should  do  a  satisfactory  job  of investigating  cattle  mutilations in  the  state  U.S.  Floyd  K.  Haskell,  D,  said  Tuesday  in  the wake  of  the  news  that  the  Federal  Bureau  of  Investigation would  not  enter  the  case. Last  month  Haskell  asked  the FBI  to  enter  the  investigation, pointing  out  that  there  have been  some  similar  reports  in other  Western  states  and  that possible  interstate  connections might  put  the  instances  into FBI  jurisdiction. However  the  evidence  of  interstate  activities  was  not strong  enough  to  get  the  FBI involved,  Haskell  noted. He  explained:  “I  talked  with FBI  Director  Clarence  Kelley and  also  with  his  chief  assistant in  Washington,  and  they  looked into  possible  grounds  for  the FBI  to  enter  the  case. “But  since  there  is  no  evidence  of  interstate  movements in  connection  with  the  reported mutilations,  the  FBI  concluded that  it  has  no  jurisdiction. “Although  the  FBI  assistance would  have  been  welcome,  after talking  with  CBI  officers  I  am satisfied  that  agency  is  conducting  a  thorough  investigation. “I  am  hopeful  that,  with  the co-operation  of  local  law  enforcement  officials,  the  CBI  will be  able  to  learn  who  or  what  is behind  the  mutilations  and  put an  end  to  the  fears  of  rural  Coloradans.” Haskell  had  asked  the  FBI  to enter  the  case  late  in  August, after  the  CBI  had  confirmed more  than  130  cattle  mutilations in  the  state  over  the  last  two years. No  footprints  have  been  found near  most  of  the  carcasses,  and signs  of  apparent  helicopter rotor  wash  were  found  around several  cattle  carcasses  in  Morgan  County. In  his  letter  to  the  FBI,  Haskell  noted  that  some  rural  residents  had  reported  being  chased by  helicopters  and  that  ranchers  were  apparently  arming themselves  to  protect  their stock  and  families.  “Clearly something  must  be  done  before someone  gets  hurt,”  the  letter said. “I  still  think  there  is  an  urgent  need  to  pursue  this  in vestigation,  both  because  of  the cattle  losses  and  the  fears  of the  people,”  Haskell  said. Haskell  had  asked  the  FBI  to  enter  the  case  late  in  August  1975, after  the  CBI  had  confirmed  more  than  130  cattle  mutilations  in Colorado  over  the  last  two  years. 15 



Despite  requests  for  official  investigations  and  monetary  rewards offered  for  information  about  the  mutilators,  the  eerie  deaths  continued  unabated. In  fact,  the  dissection  of  animals  increased  along  with  the  sightings  of  unidentified  flying  objects.  On  August  30,  1974,  Associated Press  ran  an  article  headlined,  “Mutilated  Livestock,  Strange  Flying Objects  Reported  In  Nebraska.” Custer  County  in  the  center  of  Nebraska  had  four  times  as  many killings  as  Madison  County  northwest  of  Omaha.  Custer  County Sheriff  Larry  Higgenbottom  said  he  did  not  know  what  was  behind the  mutilations.  At  first  he  blamed  them  on  natural  predators.  That has  been  a  common  pattern.  Publicly,  sheriffs  and  their  deputies  have said  the  deaths  were  caused  by  wild  animals  or  cults.  Privately,  they told  eyewitness  accounts  about  strange  lights,  dark  helicopters  and something  coming  from  the  sky. 


Argus  Leader,  Sioux  Falls,  South  Dakota,  August  30,  1974 
Mutilated  Livestock,  Strange  Flying Objects  Reported  In  Nebraska By  The  Associated  Press Mutilated  livestock, unauthorized  helicopters and  unidentified  flying objects  have  residents wondering  and  worrying  in some  areas  of  Nebraska. “Doors  are  locked  and guns  are  loaded”  in  rural Oakland,  according  to  one resident. A  quarterhorse  was  found mutilated  Sunday  three miles  southeast  of  Norfolk on  the  Warren  Papstein farm. This  was  the  fifth  animal killed  and  mutilated  in Madison  County  under mysterious  circumstances. Four  head  of  cattle  have been  found  with  their  sex organs  cut  out,  in  addition one  steer  had  one  eye,  one ear,  its  nose,  mouth  and tongue  chopped  off. The  killings  have  been reported  all  over  the  state. Similar  cases  have  been reported  in  Texas,  Iowa  and other  Midwestern  states. Each  case  involves  the removal  of  the  animals  sex organs. In  Antelope  County,  Omer Hoffman,  four  miles  west  of Clearwater,  reported  five head  of  cattle  have  been mutilated  on  his  ranch. Law  enforcement  officials are  puzzled  by  the  killings. Madison  County  Sheriff Marvin  Adams  says  that  the ones  he  has  investigated have  been  done  by  people, probably  a  cult  of  some kind. (continued) 
But  Robert  Mavis  of Wakefield,  an  investigator for  the  criminal  division  of the  State  Patrol,  said, “There  are  a  lot  of  trains  of thought.  There  have  been numerous  discoveries  of dead  animals  in  Madison and  Knox  counties  and  there are  indications  that predators  got  several  of them.  We  are  not  convinced it  is  a  person  who  is  doing this.  We  haven't  even  found tracks  in  most  cases.” In  Custer  County,  where there  have  been  four  times as  many  killings  as  in Madison  County  Sheriff Larry  Higgenbottom  says he  frankly  doesn’t  know what  is  doing  the  killings.  At first  he  blamed  it  on predators. Antelope  County  Deputy Sheriff  Dan  Hamm  said  that there  has  been  no  definite proof  that  there  were  people involved  in  the  killings  he had  investigated. He  said,  “In  every  case we’ve  had,  the  cattle  have been  dead  for  a  few  days. Most  of  them  are  full  of maggots  and  decay.  It's hard  to  tell  anything  with maggots  in  the  incisions.” The  sheriffs  in  Holt,  Knox, Antelope  and  Madison counties  are  compiling  their information  and  sending  it to  an  investigator  to  see what  can  be  found  from compilations. |  There  have  been  at  least two  formal  meetings  between  the  county  sheriffs. State  Patrol,  brand  investigators  and  the  Game and  Parks  Commission. The  last  big  meeting  was last  Aug.  21  in  Bloomfield, Knox  County.  About  130 farmers  and  ranchers  attended  along  with  sheriffs from  Holt,  Boyd  and  Knox counties,  members  of  the State  Patrol,  brand  investigators,  representatives from  the  Game  and  Parks Commission,  city  police, mayors  and  township  officials  from  all  of  the  towns in  the  county. Cattle  killings  aren’t  the only  strange  happenings  in northeast  Nebraska.  There have  been  numerous  reports of  unidentified  flying  objects in  both  Antelope  and  Knox counties. Sheriff  Herbert  Thompson of  Knox  County  said  that  it  is possible  the  unidentified flying  objects  and  lights  are connected  with  the  livestock killings,  but  there  is  nothing definite  to  connect  them. Thh  people  were  gathered on  a  farm  near  Clearwater Aug.  21.  All  of  them  said they  saw  a  strange  light  in the  sky. One  of  the  men  at  the gathering  described  the incident.  “Two  of  the  boys were  out  in  the  field  to  move equipment.  They  didn’t  get it  all  moved.  They  spotted  a light  and  it  came  right  down at  them.  It  scared  the  devil out  of  them. At  the  house  they  watched the  light  for  about  four hours. Later  on  several  gathered, in  town  to  watch.  Harold Kester  said  the  object “looked  as  if  it  had  a  little bluish-green  light  on  each side  with  a  glow  surrounding  it.  It  was  behind  a  tree and  moved  from  one  side  of the  tree  to  the  other.  We couldn’t  tell  how  close  it  was or  how  fast  it  was  moving.” About  midnight  the  same night,  Mike  Kruger  reported seeing  another  light. He  said,  “I  walked  outside to  put  some  calves  in  and saw  a  big  ball  of  red  fire.  It raised  off  the  ground  and then  went  out.  Since  it  was dark,  I  couldn’t  tell  how  far away  it  was  or  how  high  it raised.” About  a  month  ago  there were  reports  of  UFO’s  in Knox  County.  Last  week  the big  stir  in  the  county  was unauthorized  helicopters. Sheriff  Thompson  said, “We  don’t  know  if  they  are helicopters  or  strange  lights for  the  most  part.  There were  several  reported  over the  weekend.  The  people who  reported  them  called them  strange  lights. Previously  we  had  two positive  identifications  of helicopters.” Antelope  County  Sheriff Vernon  Hixson  said  that  he doesn’t  think  helicopters  are tied  in  with  the  killings, although  helicopters  have been  around. He  said  that  Sunday  night he  was  among  the  many persons  in  the  area  who  saw an  unidentified  light.  “It  had a  lot  of  people  spooked.  We checked  it  out  with  the  highway  patrol  and  found  out  it was  a  satellite.” “I  walked  outside  to  put  some calves  in  and  saw  a  big  ball  of red  fire.  It  raised  off  the  ground and  then  went  out.” 17 



On  October  13,  1974,  a  dead  buck  deer  was  found  in  a  stubble field  south  of  Stratferd,  Minnesota.  Brown  County  Sheriff  Elroy Johnson  reported  the  deer  was  found  by  a  farmer.  Its  sex  organs were  cut  out.  No  blood.  No  tracks. Dr.  Calvin  Glenn,  a  veterinarian  from  Aberdeen,  Minnesota, examined  the  animal  and  said  the  deer  was  “definitely  molested  and this  was  not  by  predators  at  all.”  Dr.  Glenn  said  the  sex  organs  had been  removed  by  a  knife.  He  also  said  that  hair  on  the  deer’s  stomach  had  been  cut  off. In  December  1974,  when  Frank  Schifelbien  found  his  dead and  mutilated  heifer  inside  a  circle,  an  aerial  photograph  was  taken above  his  pasture  in  Meeker  County,  Minnesota.  One  quarter  of  a mile  south  of  the  mutilation  site  was  a  mysterious  pattern  of  many circles. The  St.  Paul,  Minnesota  Dispatch  featured  the  photograph  in  a December  27,  1974,  article  headlined:  “UFOs  zapping  cows?” 


The  Dispatch,  St.  Paul,  Minnesota,  Friday,  December  27,1974 Local  and  Regional  News The  Dispatch Fri..  Dec.  27.  74  C*  17 
UFOs  zapping  cows?  Why  that's  out  of  this  world 
By Jim  George Staff  Writer 
Investigation  of  the  mutilation-killing  of  livestock  in central  Minnesota  has  taken  an  intriguing  new  twist that,  if  anything,  adds  even  stronger  dimensions  to  the incidents. The  new  direction  has  neen  furnished by Terrance Mitchell,  a  veteran  Unidentified  Flying  Object  (UFO researcher,  who  recently  began  probing  the  livestock killings  in  relation  to  possible  UFO  activity. IF  THE  CITIZENRY  was  uneasy  about  the  original theory  of  some  cult  members  prowling  over  the  countryside,  hairs  on  the  backs  of  necks  may  stiffen  considerably  with  Mitchell's  conclusions. Mitchell,  under  contract  to  the  University  of  Minnesota's  Department  of  Concerts  and  Lectures  to  lecture on  UFO  phenomena,  has  hedged  in  the  past  when  asked about  the  firm  existence  of  UFOs  (flying  saucers  to some). In  his  lectures  he  has  avoided  assertions  about UFOs,  usually  conjecturing  about  what  type  of  craft they  might  be  and  the  type  of  propulsion  system. That  isn't  the  case  with  the  livestock  killings.  Mitchell  states  flatly.  "I'm  convinced  the  taking  of  ears,  udders and  other  portions  of  animals  is  part  of  a  scientific  investigation  being  conducted  by  beings  using  UFOs." MITCHELL.  came  to  that  conclusion  after  a  meeting recently  in  Willmar  with  sheriffs  from  affected  counties, involved  farmers,  veterinarians  who  inspected  the  animals  and  the  district  head  of  the  Minnesota  Crime  Bureau. Mitchell  strengthened  that  conclusion  to  himself  after  visiting  the  site  of  the  most  recent  incident  in  Meeker  County  and  viewing  aerial  photographs  of  surrounding  terrain. 
The mutilation-killings began back in 1970 in Lyon
County with a number of incidents that year and 1971.
There was a lull until July and October this year in that
county when three incidents were reported. A rash this
year occurred in other counties.
Since 1970 some 22 mutilated carcasses of livestock
have been found in Lyon. Swift, Yellow Medicine, Redwood, 
Chippewa, Goodhue, Kandiyohi and Meeker Counties.
Mitchell, however, was interested in the most recent
- a 400-pound heifer found Dec. 1 in the field of farmer
Frank Schifelbien about four miles southwest of Kimball
in Meeker County.
"ANY EVIDENCE would be the freshest at the most
recent killing", Mitchell reasoned, "and the memory of
persons involved would be better."
Mitchell said Crime Bureau personnel, after meeting
with him, have pretty much discarded the "cultist" theory 
in the mutilations - and probably with good cause.
"There are just too many imponderables”, Mitchell
said. "They (bureau officials) talked to members of
such cults and the members said marks of their rituals
would be much more evident."
The heifer was found dead in a perfect circle of bare
ground in a snow-covered field, with no footprints to be
found anywhere in the vicinity, sheriff's deputies told
Mitchell.
WHEN THE CULT theory was prevalent, one deputy
said it was possible to use thin steel stilts to move without 
making tracks.
"That just isn't realistic," Mitchell said. "You aren't
going to go charging around the field on stilts after an
animal that size and kill it. Thera was something unnatural 
that occurred there."
The eyes, left ear, tongue and part of the lip were taken 
from the animal and there were no external signs of
death.
(See Livestock. Page 18 Livestock: Really spaced out?
Continued from Page 17)
"Veterinarians in almost all the cases couldn't determine 
what had killed the animals." Mitchell said "They
also said the removal of the animal portions was made
by instruments that were not available to them.
"NOW. SOMETHING has to kill those animals -
you just don't walk up to a 400-pound animal and began
putting its eyes out."
But other mysterious signs at the Schifelbien place
interested Mitchell just as much.
"In many UFO sightings of touch down or near
touch-down there has been a large amount of limb
breakage high in surrounding trees." he said. "The
wooded area near the cow showed heavy breakage far
off the ground - all broken downward.
"These, weren't dead branches either - they had
been healthy limbs."
Mitchell held a  geiger counter to the spot where the
heifer was found and the instrument's needle went two-
thirds up the scale and froze
"THERE WAS NO radioactivity (here - some type
of magnetism might have frozen the needle," he said. "I
should have had a compass with me - that would have
indicated any magnetic field I'm going back out there
with one."
That would conform wllh Mitchell’s theory that the
UFOs are electro-magnetically propelled.
Just as strange was a small pond Mitchell discovered 
about a half mile from the heifer. There was a perfect 
circle of partially melted snow and in the center a
jagged hole gouged out of the ice that was then filled
with water.
"Large footprints went up to the circle and ended
right there.” Mitchell said. "And there are no springs in
the pond."
Probably the most baffling aspect of his visit was
provided by Mitchell's friend, who was taking photographs 
from a light plane overhead and communicating
with him by walkie-talkie.
THE PICTURE accompanying this article shows a
mysterious pattern of perfect circles in a pasture about
a quarter of a mile south of where the heifer was found.
The farmer was unaware of the circles there, Mitchell 
said, and he himself drove past the spot on his
friend's instructions and saw nothing unusual from
ground level.
"At the time I thought he was mistaken and didn't
really check the area out," he said. "After seeing the 
picture, you can bet I'm going back. A hovering UFO
could make such marks."
"Strange thing - the cow, the circles and the pond
are in a straight liiie."
Mitchell said lawmen told him citizens were uncomfortable 
with the cultist idea and gun sales rose.
The 40-year-old Minneapolis UFO investigator isn't
too sure they're going to be any happier with his theory.
The heifer was found dead in a perfect circle of bare ground in
a snow-covered field with no footprints to be found.



December  1974  aerial  photograph  shows  mysterious  circles  in  a  pasture  bordered  by  white  snow where  a  mutilated  heifer  was  found  dead  inside  one  of  the  many  strange  circles  in  Meeker  County, Minnesota.  Photo  by  Al  Madsen.  Permission  by  Terrance  Mitchell. 20 



Rapid City Journal, Rapid City, South Dakota, November 7,1974
Reward offered over mutilations
SIOUX FALLS (AP) - A South
Dakota livestock organization is offering 
a $500 reward in an effort to fight a
rash of cattle mutilations in eastern
South Dakota.
A spokesman for the South Dakota
Livestock Feeders Association said
Wednesday that the group is offering
the reward for information leading to
arrest and conviction of anyone involved 
in cattle mutilations.
The spokesman said the organization
authorized the reward at a special
meeting in Sioux Falls.
Paul Rooney, association press,
said. “Although there are much
thoughts as to who or what is invoL
in these mutilations, we must bring
them to a halt."


St. Paul Pioneer Press, St. Paul, Minnesota, December 3,1974
Livestock deaths remain mystery
A preliminary report
Monday by University of
Minnesota veterinarians
says there is "no indication 
of drugs or shootings
" in the strange killings 
of a heifer and a
steer on a farm near Atwater 
in Kandiyohi County, 
according to Sheriff
Larry Klienhuizen.
However, there's still no
indication of what caused
the deaths, and the university 
veterinarians are
continuing their studies of
the carcasses, he said.
The two animals were
found Saturday. The
tongues and limbs were
cut off the animals and
the udder was cut off the
heifer, the sheriff said.
It appeared the cutting
had been done with a
knife, he said.
Kleinhuizen said it's a
"real complicated situation
" and said he has no
leads or theories so far.
Similar livestock mutilation 
deaths have been
reported elsewhere in
Minnesota and in neighboring 
states.


Starbuck Times, Starbuck,
Minnesota, November 28,1974
Cattle reported killed in Pope County too ...
It has been reported that two
head of cattle have been killed
in Pope County and their
carcasses left. One was reported
south of Starbuck and the other
in the Sedan area. The sheriff's
office would not release any
further information at press
time.
The animal killing started in
South Dakota and now has
swept into western Minnesota.
Usually the animals have had
their ears, tongue and sex
organs cut off with the balance
left on the spot.
County Sheriff Ira Emmons is
in the process of investigating
the incidents.


Swift County Monitor, Benson, Minnesota, November 29,1974
Heifer is mutilated
Another dead and mutilated farm animal has
been discovered near Benson after it was thought
those responsible had moved on. A 500 pound
heifer, dead for about two days, was found Tuesday
afternoon at the Rueben Herfindahl farm which is
located about four miles north, northeast of Benson
in Benson township.
Veterinarians and others who examined the
animal say a sharp knife was used on the heifer. It
followed about the same pattern as the other
mutilations except this time the tail was missing,
but the tongue was intact. No cause of death has
been determined.


Rapid City Journal, Rapid City,
South Dakota, September 29,1974
Cattle slayings confirmed
SISSETON (AP) - Roberts County
Sheriff Claude Carl has confirmed a
cattle mutilation slaying 10 miles
southwest of here.
Carl said Thursday that a 450-pound
bull belonging to Ray Hanson of Wilmot
was slain about Sept. 17 and was discovered 
Sept. 19. Tests performed on
the animal at South Dakota State
University indicated that the animal
had been mutilated.
"Whoever performed the mutilation
knew what they were doing.-" Carl said.
"There was very little blood."


=====================================================================
Chapter 3. 1975 -1976: The Mutilation Panic


Great Falls Tribune, Great Falls, Montana, February 13, 1975
Weird, mysterious killing of cattle reported


1975 was the year Sheriff Tex Graves in Logan County,
Colorado, said he started having nightmares. He was not alone. That
was the year animal mutilation reports dramatically increased in the
United States.
Early that spring, another sheriff in Texas drove out to Darwood
Marshall’s ranch to see a dead heifer. The scene was similar to the
mutilation found at Frank Schifelbien’s in Kimball, Minnesota, the
year before.
“In the field was a perfectly round circle”, Cochran County
Sheriff Richards wrote in his offense report, “The heifer was lying
in the middle of the circle. Her head twisted straight up in the air.”
In his list of excised body tissues, the sheriff said the meat had not
been touched and there was no blood on the ground or on the cow.
While the sheriff was investigating that heifer, Darwood Marshall
called out to him, “If you think this is odd, look at that place about
a quarter of a mile west!”
There was another circle about thirty feet across like the first
one. A dead and mutilated steer was in the middle. Confused by it
all, Darwood dragged the steer out of the circle so he could see the
ground more clearly. Young wheat was four inches high outside the
circle, but inside, the plants were burned to the ground.
“I thought this is a mystery, so I went back to town and got a
Geiger counter,” wrote Sheriff Richards. “I checked the circles and
it showed that there was radiation present. I called Reese Air Force
Base and they sent a team to check this out.”
Radiation was confirmed, but the Air Force told the sheriff the
levels were low and not to worry about it.
“What I want to know,” said the sheriff, “is how it got there in
the first place? I have had reports of UFOs in this area, but have
not seen any myself. The people that have been reporting this all
tell the same story. It (UFO) is about as wide as a two lane highway,
round and looks the color of the sun when it is going down and has
got a blue glow around it. When these people see this thing, in two
or three days we hear about some cows that have been mutilated. I
don’t know what is doing this, but it sure has got everyone around
here uptight.”
That same spring of 1975 in Puerto Rico, the “Vampire of Moca”
was scaring people. Moca is a town in the northwestern corner of the
island. The local newspaper, El Vocero, appealed to the government
on March 15, to investigate strange animal killings.
First, it was cattle. Then farmer Hector Vega Rosado was shocked
to find two of his goats dead on March 18, with wounds from something 
very sharp under the thorax and above the haunches. The
next day he found ten more dead goats, seven wounded goats and
ten missing altogether. There was no blood around any of the one-
inch-deep holes in the carcasses.
The mutilations increased throughout 1975. In Colorado, there
were so many that Governor Richard Lamm met with his state’s
Cattlemen’s Association in August and spoke angrily.
“The mutilations are one of the greatest outrages in the history of
the western cattle industry. It is important that we solve this mystery
as soon as possible. The cattle industry already is hard hit from an
economic point of view. From a human point, we cannot allow these
mutilations to continue.”
But they did ... and still do.
For me, it all started with a telephone call one night in October
1975. I knew nothing about the mutilation panic that summer. I was
producing medical and science programs for WCVB-TV in Boston
(ABC) and was typing a script when the phone rang.
“A UFO has set down on the base!”
It was my brother, Jim Moulton, a USAF helicopter pilot, and
he was excited. He had been at a wing party at Malmstrom AFB
near Great Falls, Montana. Everyone there carried “bricks”, two-way
radios to keep in touch with the base command post that is manned
twenty-four hours a day. Suddenly all the alarms sounded and there was
a scramble for phones.
Remote sensors at the Minuteman Silo 7 nuclear missile launch
control indicated something was violating site security. Two launch
control officers ordered a Sabotage Alert Team (SAT) to investigate.
Those men radioed the Command Post that an orange, glowing
disk the size of a football field was illuminating the missile site
“brighter than daylight.” They refused orders to advance further
toward the intruding disk.
My brother was then ordered to pilot a helicopter with security
police to the site. Meanwhile, the frightened SAT team radioed back
that the object was starting to rise. When it reached an altitude of
about 1,000 feet, North American Aerospace Defense Command
(NORAD) detected the moving UFO on radar.

“The mutilations are one of the greatest outrages
in the history of the western cattle industry.”
- Colorado Governor Richard Lamm

Two F-106 jet interceptors were scrambled from Malmstrom
AFB and headed toward the K-7 area as the UFO continued to rise.
As soon as the SAT team saw the jets, the large, orange glowing
disc “blinked out”. The SAT team told the Malmstrom AFB Launch
Control Center (LCC) they were sure the UFO was still there. The
jets were told to keep circling, but the object remained invisible.
When the jets left the K-7 missile site to return to base, the SAT
team reported that the huge, orange light blinked back on “like
turning on a light bulb” and continued to rise. At about 200,000
feet, it disappeared from NORAD’s radar. Afterward on that same
night, my brother called me in Boston.
What happened the next day is even more startling. Targeting
teams and computer specialists went to K-7 to examine the missile
and its warhead targeting. The investigators found that the target
data on the magnetic tape inside the missile deep underground
had specifically been changed. After that astonishing discovery, the
missile was removed from its silo and returned to Malmstrom for
further examination. Later, a different missile was put in Kilo 7.
I was unaware that what happened at Malmstrom AFB was also
occurring repeatedly along the United States and Canada border at
Strategic Air Command (SAC) bases that fall. Nothing about those
UFO intrusions of our missile bases was made public until 1980.
That year some documents about the “border invasion” were released 
under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). See page 28.
After the incident at Kilo 7, my brother told me the commander
of his helicopter unit was working with the Cascade County Sheriff’s
office in Great Falls, Montana, to investigate many cattle mutilation
reports in the area. One day a rancher brought a mutilated cow to
the base. A flight surgeon examined it and told my brother that the
cuts were precise and surgical. He also said that the cow had been
so thoroughly drained of blood that the muscle tissue was a pale
pink-white.
The unit commander had a map with a color legend to identify
mutilation locations. Pink was on the legend, but there was no pink
on the map. My brother asked what the pink color specified.
“Humans”, the Colonel answered, “but we haven’t come up
with any yet”. Perhaps he was referring to Top Secret reports about
human mutilations. The Colonel might have been briefed about
bizarre human deaths, which resembled what had happened to
animals. See Chapter 4 Grudge Report 13 and Chapter 8 Military
Voices.
By the summer of 1975, there were so many animal mutilations
that sheriffs reported some carcasses were still warm to touch with
bloodless, cookie cutter cuts.


The Washington Post, Washington, D.C., January 19,1979
U.S. Reports Visits Of UFOs to Bases
(C) 1979 Denwer Post-Washington Post
WASHINGTON-During two weeks in
1975, a string of the nation’s supersensitive 
nuclear missile launch sites and
bomber bases were visited by unidentified, 
low-flying and elusive objects, according 
to Defense Department reports.
The sightings, made visually and on
radar by air and ground crews and sabotage
-alert forces, occurred at installations
in Montana, Michigan and Maine, and led
to extensive but unsuccessful Air Force
attempts to track and detain the objects.
Air Force and Defense Department
records variously describe the objects as
helicopters, aircraft, unknown entities
and brightly lighted, fast-moving vehicles
that hovered over nuclear weapons
storage areas and evaded all pursuit efforts.
IN SEVERAL INSTANCES, after base
security had been penetrated, the Air
Force sent fighter planes and airborne
command planes aloft in unsuccessful
pursuit. The records don't indicate if the
fighters fired on the intruders.
The documents also give no indication
that the airspace incursions provoked
much more than local command concern.
But a Nov. 11, 1975, directive from the
office of the secretary of the Air Force
instructed public information staffers to
avoid linking the scattered sighting
unless specifically asked.
The Defense Department position cited
in that memo and reiterated Thursday by
a departmental spokesman, is that formal
investigation of unidentified flying object
ended in 1969 and that there were no
plans for renewed Air Force investiga
tion.
Yet another Air Force intelligence
report indicated extensive interest in a
1976 incident over Iran, when two Iranian,
Air Force F-4 Phantom fighter planer
were scrambled to encounter a brightly
lighted object in the skies near Tehran.
The object was tracked by Iranian
ground radar, seen independently by the
crew of a commercial airliner and
pursued by the F-4s, which, according to
the report, experienced a breakdown of
their electronic communications devices
when they neared the object.
THE REPORT, COMPILED by American 
officials, said that the electronic
weapons system of one of the planes went
dead when its pilot prepared to fire an
AIM-9 missile at a smaller object that appeared 
to roar out from the larger vehicle.
The planes’ electronic equipment reportedly 
became operative after they veered
away from the smaller object, which had
returned to the larger light, the report
said. Iranians described the larger object,
with colored, fast-flashing lights, as the
size of a Boeing 707 jetliner.
The information on the 1975 and 1976
sightings-records from the Air Force
and the North American Air Defense
Command-was turned over to Ground
Saucer Watch, a Phoenix-based organization 
that monitors UFO reports.
The GSW obtained the information
through a Freedom of Information
request to the Air Force, one of a number
it has made to government agencies involved 
in UFO investigations.
A similar request to the CIA, made by
both GSW and The Washington Post,
resulted in the CIA’s turning over almost
900 pages of documents related to its
monitoring of UFO reports since the
1950s.
The CIA was directed by a U.S. District
Court, judge here last year to turn over to
Ground Saucer Watch UFO data unrelated 
to national security.
THE CIA’S POSITION, reiterated
Thursday by a spokesman, is that it has
had no involvement with UFOs since 1953,
when a special study panel concluded
that they presented no threat to national
security.
While memos from as recently as 1977
are included in the 879 pages, the CIA
spokesman said the agency continues to
be “a passive recipient” of UFO data,
even though none of the material is
analyzed.
Todd Zechel, a GSW investigator and
director of another organization, Citizens
Against UFO Secrecy, and William
Spaulding, a Phoenix engineer and director 
of GSW, said the Defense Department, 
the Air Force and the National Security 
Agency have refused to turn over
certain other information that would shed
more light on military encounters with
unidentified flying objects



On  Sunday,  July  6,  1975,  in  Boise,  Idaho,  the  newspaper  even put  a  bold  headline  and  story  about  the  mutilation  mystery  above its  own  name  plate. 


The  Idaho  Statesman,  Boise,  Idaho,  July  6,  1975
JULY  6,1975 
Who,  Or  What,  Mutilates  Cattle? 
By  TIM  WOODWARD The  Idaho  Statesman 
COUNCIL  -  The  killing  and  mutilation  of  six  cattle  near  Council  have  Idahoans  talkng  about  the  bizarre  worlds of  witchcraft.  Satanism  and  theoried visitors  from  the  stars. Six  mutilated  cattle have  been  found in  an  area  40  miles  north  of  Council  in the  last  week.  All  the  animals'  tongues, sexual  organs  and  udders  had  been  removed.  The  killings  are  identical  to others  that  have  occurred  in  Colorado. Minnesota,  Nebraska  and  Kansas.  All remain  inexplicable  -  baffling  law  officers  and  men  of  science. The  Council  killings  are  one  of  the most  perplexing  aspects  of  cattle mutilations  in  other  states  -  a  complete  absence  of  blood. In  Colorado,  carcasses  appeared  to have  been  drained  entirely  of  blood. Adams  County  Sheriff  Jim  Hileman  did not  speculate  on  whether  this  could have  happened  at  Council.  All  he knows  is  there  wasn't  any  blood. “We  didn't  find  any  at  all,”  he  said. “It  could  have  been  washed  away  by rain,  but  I'd  have  to  say  that  not  finding  any  blood  in  this  sort  of  a  case  is highly  unusual.” It  isn't  the  only  unusual  aspect  of  the killings. Hileman  said  there  were  no  lethal wounds  on  the  animals,  no  evidence  of how  they  were  killed  prior  to  being mutilated.  He  theorizes  the  cattle  may have  been  killed  by  darts  containing some  sort  of  lethal  agent,  but  this  cannot  be  proved  since  the  carcasses  were too  old  (about  two  days)  by  the  time they  were  discovered  to  reveal  presence  of  poison  or an  overdose  of  tranquilizers. With  the  exception  of  “a  little  bit  of chewing”  on  one  of  the  cattle,  none had  been  bothered  by  predators,  a highly  unusual  occurrence,  Hileman said. Robert  Simmons,  a  veterinarian  with the  Idaho  Sheep  Commission,  discounted  earlier  speculation  that  a  poison,  if  used  to  kill  the  animals,  would deter  predators. “That  would  only  be  the  case  if  the poison  was  such  that  it  could  be  tasted, and  this  is  not  likely,”  Simmons  said. He  said  the  only  way  predators would  not  bother  a  fresh  carcass  is  if they  already  had  enough  other  food  to simply  not  be  interested.  Hileman  said this  is  not  the  case  in  the  area  where the  killings  occurred.  Local  predators, the  sheriff  said,  include  bears,  coyotes and  mountain  lions,  in  addition  to small  scavengers  such  as  magpies. Killings  in  other  states  have  been complicated  by  a  total  absence  of  tire tracks  or  footprints  in  areas  where dead  cattle  have  been  found.  Hileman found  some  tire  tracks,  but  it  has  not been  proven  whether  they  are  related to  the  crimes.  No  footprints  were found,  he  said. One  of  the  more  bizarre  characteristics  of  the  actual  mutilations  is  they appear  to  be  done  with  considerable precision.  Hileman  said  extractions  of organs  were  “very  neatly  done,”  not the  work  of  an  unpracticed  hand. Who,  or,  according  to  some,  what, kills  cattle  without  leaving  a  trace  of  a lethal  wound,  removes  organs  with  almost  surgical  precision  and  without leaving  a  drop  of  blood,  and  disappears (Continued  on  Page  2-A,  Col.  2) 
THE  IDAHO  STATESMAN 
111th  Year.  346th IssueBoise,  Idaho,  Sunday,  July  6,  1975 
A  Part  of  Life  in  Idaho Price  50  Cents 
Good Morning! 'Street’  Returns Karl  Malden and Michael Doulas are back on "The Streets  of  San  Francisco" the  TV  action series enter its  fourth  year...  TV  Weekly 
3  Idahoans  Killed  Saturday Public  
Funds Used  to  Hire Private  Help By  BROOKS  JACKSON WASHINGTON  (AP)  -  Some  federal tax  dollars  intended  to  create  public service  jobs  are  going  to  pay  staff workers  for  private  groups  such  as  the Red  Cross.  Salvation  Army  and  church and  charitable  organizations. Two  high  Labor  Department  officials disagree  over  whether  this  use  of  federal  money  is  proper. The  Labor  Department's  chief  investigator,  Frank  Yeager,  says  the practice  violated  department  regulations  and  the  spirit  of  the  law  when  it was  begun  several  years  ago.  The  law has  since  been  changed  but  he  says  it is  "an  open  question”  whether  the practice  is  now  proper. Yeager  also  criticized  the  Manpower Administration,  which  administers  fed- run  group  distributing  food  to  the needy.  Four  Seattle  workers  were  getting  federal  salaries  to  work  for  the same  groups  that  had  employed  them earlier. Yeager's  report  is  based  on  a  review of  employment  records  from  1971,  1972 and  1973.  The  review  was  completed  in April.  1974,  preliminary  versions  of  the report  were  circulated  privately  in  the Labor  Department  in  December,  and the  final  version  was  completed  this year  and  cleared  for  public  release June  10.  although  no  public  release  was made.  The  Associated  Press  sought and  obtained  a  copy  from  Yeager,  who did  not  criticize  the  agencies  themselves,  but  rather  use  of  federal  money to  support  them. DEPUTY  CORONER  KEN  BYERS  INSPECTS  FATALITY  SCENE  NEAR  KUNA ...  Ed  Withrow  of  Boise  died  Saturday  in  a  one-car  accident 29 


The next day there were more stories about a mutilated deer
and three dead cows.


The Idaho Statesman, Boise, Idaho, July 7, 1975
Death of Deer Near Idaho City Resembles Mutilations of Cattle
Without any signs of blood, cause of
death or drag marks, a field-dressed
deer was found this weekend east of
Idaho City by a Boise couple.
Mr. and Mrs. Fred “Scottie” Johnson, 
of 915 Krall, were camping at a
site about 17 miles east of Idaho City in
the Rabbit Creek area when they reported 
finding a dead deer laying flat
on its back with the entrails cleanly removed.
At first glance, the incident appears
to be similar to the bizarre killings of
the six cattle near Council, Johnson
said. As was the case with this deer, no
signs of blood or death wounds were
present
However, circumstances surrounding
the deaths are different The cattle
were untouched except for the removal
of the tongues, sexual organs and udders, 
but the deer’s entrails had been
removed entirely and the tongue had
not been cut out, according to Johnson.
“It was a professional job,” said
Johnson, who added the breast bone of
the deer was cleanly cut with a very
sharp knife.
Johnson said he has hunted deer for
many years and described the deer as
“about a two-year-old doe.” He examined 
the deer for cause of death and
found no bullet holes or other wounds.
Earlier in the day, Mrs. Johnson saw
a man walk by their camper coming
from the direction where they found
the deer, Johnson said.
“About 3:30 that afternoon, we were
taking a nap in the camper," Johnson
said. His wife awakened and “saw a
guy walking down the draw carrying a
plastic bag,” he said. She did not see
what was in the bag, however, he said.
“We didn’t pay much attention to it”
“We didn’t see anyone go up. Why
would he go up there?” Johnson asked.
Mrs. Johnson said the man wore nothing 
out of the ordinary; a young fellow,
but not a hippie, she said.
There are a lot of deer in that area
and often come to two salt licks near
the camp, Johnson said. The Johnsons
found no other dead deer.
“It was just a terrible thing. We
couldn't stand it so we came home
early,” he said.
★ ★ ★
Three Cows Found Dead In Cascade Reservoir
CASCADE - Three dead cattle were
found floating in Cascade Reservoir
halfway between Tamarack and the
West Mountain Lodge Sunday afternoon, 
the Valley County sheriff reported.
During the past three weeks, six
cattle have been found mutilated near
Council. However Sunday's incident
was in no way connected to the
previous cattle killings, Sheriff Darold
Lynskey said.
He said an autopsy was being performed 
on the cattle to determine the
exact cause of death. The cattle had
not been shot nor were there any signs
that they had been driven into the water 
and died there, he said.
The three cows were part of a large
herd grazing in a pasture on the west
side of Cascade Reservoir, the sheriff
said. All the cattle were grazing near
the water and “some were still doing
so,” he said.
“It may have been a poisoned weed
or grass.” The cause of death will not
be known until after the autopsy is
completed, Lynskey said.


By October 1975, when the big, orange UFOs were setting off
alarms on SAC bases, ranchers began arming themselves. People
kept seeing silent, dark helicopters and large, bright lights in the
sky day and night. Continually baffling everyone was the absence of
tracks around the dead animals.
One night, a few miles southwest of Sterling, Colorado, two
ranch cowhands decided they would stake out a feedlot where there
had been three mutilations in one week.
The feedlot was well-lighted. About 4 a.m., the cowhands saw
three “human-like figures” glide over the feedlot fence. The men
called the sheriff. Two cars with officers got to the feedlot in minutes. 
But the gliding figures could not be found. What really puzzled
the cowhands was the mud. It had been raining, so the ground was
soaked. But there were no footprints in the feedlot and none leading 
up to the fence.
Around that same time, two girls from Sterling told the sheriff
they fired a .22 at a “hairy beast” that walked into their yard. The
Bigfoot-type creature ran off. Investigators found four branches
burned off in the area where the creature ran, but no tracks.

The feedlot was well-lighted. About 4 a.m., the cowhands
saw three “human-like figures” glide over the feedlot fence.

In  Great  Falls,  Montana,  where  my  brother’s  Wing  Commander was  cooperating  with  Deputy  Sheriff  Keith  Wolverton,  helicopters and  strange  little  fixed-wing  planes  were  being  reported  by  day  and deputies  were  chasing  lights  at  night.  Dep.  Wolverton  also  examined several  mutilated  animals.  He  was  the  first  law  enforcement  officer to  coin  the  phrase  “cookie  cutter”  cuts.  He  assembled  a  1976  book with  writer  Roberta  Donovan  called  Mystery  Stalks  The  Prairie  from his  sheriff’s  files.*  Below  is  a  photograph  of  a  mutilator’s  cut  that shows  an  unusual  and  symmetrical  pattern  in  the  cowhide  as  might be  found  on  the  edge  of  a  cookie  cutter. Dep.  Wolverton  also  had  several  “Bigfoot”  reports.  One  man called  the  sheriff's  office  to  say  he  had  just  shot  one  of  the  8-foot-tall creatures  from  six  feet  away  with  a  double  barrel  shotgun. 


Photograph  of  mutilation  “cookie  cutter”  excision by  Cascade  County  Sheriff’s  office,  Great  Falls,  Montana,  1975. *  Mystery  Stalks  the  Prairie  ©  1976  by  Roberta  Donovan  and  Keith  Wolverton,  Deputy, Cascade  County  Sheriff’s  Office,  Great  Falls,  Montana.  Entire  book  is  reprinted with  authors’permission  at  www.Earthfiles.com. 


“It disappeared in a flash of light”, the astonished man told
Deputy Wolverton.
During that fall of 1975 in Colorado, Sheriff George Yarnell
in Elbert County said one frustrated rancher actually shot at a Fort
Carson helicopter that was flying over his ranch east of Colorado
Springs. Sheriff Yarnell said after that, Fort Carson changed its flight
plans to avoid the mutilation panic.


Record Stockman, Wheat Ridge, Colorado, October 2,1975
Wyoming New Victim
Of Mutilation Panic
By Pat Kalahar
DENVER - As the tide of reported cattle 
mutilations continues to rise daily
(primarily in Wyoming and Colorado), a
few precious clues have come to the surface.
The three color photographs of a blue
helicopter with an unusual V-type tail
system and a plain white spot on the side
marking out all identification, that were
taken by citizens between Cripple Creek
and Florissant, Colo., are being studied
closely. The Teller County sheriff’s
department is convinced that this chopper
is involved in mutilations in that area. The
copter is believed to be working closely
with a ground crew.
In the same locality, a green helicopter
with red gasoline tanks has been repeatedly 
spotted. No photos have yet been obtained 
on this suspect chopper.
A green helicopter has been habitually
described by ranchers in the ten state area
hit by the mutilators.
Helicopters have been chased in
Colorado and Idaho, but in both cases the
copters escaped in the dark.
Three Colorado State University
veterinarians have concluded that five of
the eleven mutilated carcasses brought
into their pathology labs, were cut with
knives or other sharp instruments by
humans, after the animals died of natural
causes.
Dr. William J. Tietz, dean of the college
of Veterinary Medicine and Biological
Sciences, Dr. A. F. Alexander, chairman
of the department of pathology, and Dr. A.
E. McChesney, a pathologist in the
diagnostic lab at CSU, reported that five
of the 16 carcasses studied in the post
mortem exams have conclusively been
mutilated by humans. Eleven of the
animals were too far decomposed to tell
anything.


Colorado  Springs  Sun,  Colorado  Springs,  Colorado,  October  5,  1975  (ceased  publication) Reuben  Olson  looks  at  a  dead  bull  calf  on  his  ranch  in  Kiowa  in  August 



Cattle  mutilations .  .  .  ranchers  arming  themselves DENVER  (UPI)  -  There  have  been  more than  ISO  cases  of  cattle  mutilation  in  Colorado this  year  and  at  least  11  other  states  have reported  grotesque  attacks  on  livestock. .If  something  isn’t  done  quickly  to  end  the bizarre  slaughter,  a  Colorado  legislator  warns, someone  may  get  hurt  by  aroused  ranchers. Itt  many  cases,  the  sexual  organs  have  been neatly  removed.  As  a  result,  Satanic  cults  and space  creatures  have  been  blamed,  as  well  as predators  such  as  the  fox  or  buzzard. Other  states  repotting  incidents  are  Nebraska, Kansas,  Oklahoma,  Texas,  New  Mexico,  Idaho, Wyoming,  Oregon,  South  Dakota,  Montana  and Minnesota.  Officials  in  Texas  and  South  Dakota, however,  do  not  say  the  mutilations  were  done by  humans. ‘‘Ranchers  and  other  residents  in  these  areas are  understandably  upset,”  said  Sen.  Floyd Haskell,  D-Colo.  “It  now  appears  that  ranchers are  arming  themselves  to  protect  their  stock and  their  families.  Clearly  something  must  be done  before  someone  gets  hurt” For  one  investigator,  there  is  no  doubt humans,  are  responsible  for  many  of  the mutilations.  Another  blames  the  outbreak  on   persons  hoping  to  give  the  government  a  hard time. Dr.  A.E.  McChesney,  a  veterinarian  at Colorado  State  University,  said  the  majority  of the  16  animals  he  checked  were  definitely  victims  of  human  mutilation. “There  is  no  question  but  that  there  has  been willful  mutilation  on  many  of  these,” McChesney  said.  “Obviously,  predators  have been  involved,  too,  but  you  can’t  hide  a  knife wound  very  well.” David  L.  Waldron,  Utah  deputy  agriculture commissioner  blamed  the  incidents  on a  cult bent  on  protesting  federal  government  policies. “Some  think  it’s  being  done  by  people  other than  from  this  planet,”  Waldron  said.  “Of course,  I  don’t  buy  that  myself  at  all. “I  think  there’s  a  group  of  people-call  them a  cult  if  we  want  to..  I  think  we’ve  just  got  some people  just  the  same  as  the  Manson  gang  or  the Symbionese  Liberation  Army.  They  just  think this  is  the  way  to  get  their  feelings  across  to  the government,” But  Dr.  Herman  Hancock  of  the  University  of Wyoming  Veterinary  Laboratory  said  natural predators  may  be  responsible  for  many  of  the cases. “A  fox  can  go  down  in  a  cow’s  mouth  and remove  its  tongue,”  Hancock  said.  “They  even sometimes  pluck  out  the  eyes.” Keith  Perkins,  a  rancher  outride  Murtaugh, Idaho,  said  a  mare  was  mutilated  less  than  a quarter-mile  from  his  bouse,  but  he  “never  saw nothing  nor  heard  nothing.”  He  said  “they needed  sophisticated  equipment  to  do  this work.” Carl  Whiteside,  a  Colorado  Bureau  of Investigation  agent  heading  the  state  mutilation study,  said  he  had  been  unable  to  determine how  or  why  the  mutilations  were  being  done. A  large  number  of  mutilations  occurred  in Texas  last  year,  but  Texas  Rangers  and  Texas Cattleraisers  Association  investigators  finally decided  bad  weather  caused  an  unusual  number of  range  deaths  and  predators  removed  the  sex organs  from  cows.  Veterinarians  from  Texas Veterinary  Medical  Diagnostic  Laboratory  said predators  are attracted  to  a  carcass’  softer  areas and  can  make  cuts  as  cleanly  as  a  knife. Even  earlier  mutilations  in  the  Midwest prompted  claims  on  television  that  the  deaths were  caused  by  extraterrestial  beings.  In  South Dakota  a  months-long  investigation  and  promise of  rewards  turned  up  nothing  and  the mutilations  eventually  lessened. Often  there  are  no  tracks  around  the  carcasses,  leading  some  to  believe  the  culprits arrive  by  helicopter. The  situation  became  so  volatile  in  Colorado earlier  this  year  that  a  federal  agency  planning to  make  aerial  surveys  from  a  helicopter  asked farmers  and  ranchers  not  to  fire  on  the  aircraft. The  Colorado  Air  National  Guard  is  using  its training  flights  to  look  for  suspicious  activity. To  stop  the  problem  in  Colorado,  a  reward  of $11,000  has  been  offered  by  cattle  groups  for  the arrest  and  conviction  of  persons  responsible. Donald  Ostensoe,  executive  secretary  of  the Oregon  Cattlemen’s  Association,  said  his organization  is  offering  a  $1,000  reward.  The first  case  in  that  state  was  reported  in  July  and there  have  been  at  least  25  since  then,  with  the loss  estimated  at  $10,000. H.L.  “Tex”  Graves,  Logan  County  sheriff from  Sterling,  Colo., said  he  and  several  other officers  trailed  a  suspicious  helicopter  into Western Nebraska earlier  this  year  before  it  disappeared.  He  said  theories  on  those  responsible for  the  mutilations  ranged  from  Satanic worshipers  to  unidentified  flying  Objects. “You  can  let  your  imagination  run  wild, Graves  said.  “You  pick  one  and  you  could  he just  as  right  as  anybody  else.’’ 35 



=====================================================================
Chapter 4. The UFO Factor


Gazette Telegraph, Colorado Springs, Colorado, April 24,1977
Cattle Mutilations, UFOs Are Talk of Logan County


I moved to Colorado from Boston in the summer of 1976.
KMGH-TV Channel 7, then the CBS station in Denver, hired me
to work as Director of Special Projects. My films and live studio
programs were about air, water and land use problems in a state
struggling to balance population growth with an environment no
one wanted to pollute. But air and water contamination were serious
threats to that balance. The first program I did was called Colorado
On Trial. The debate was about Colorado’s future character and
economy.
While I was working on that two-hour broadcast, I did not know
that Colorado was still enduring the UFOs and mysterious mutilations
my brother had called me about in October 1975. That subject was no
longer fresh breaking news, so there was little media coverage. But
northeast in the ranching community of Logan County and Sterling,
Colorado, people got together almost nightly between November 1976
and the spring of 1977 to watch a big, hovering, white light. Little lights
were seen leaving and entering the large, unidentified object. Pretty
soon, the locals called the lights “Big Mama and Baby UFOs.”
Logan County Sheriff Tex Graves was certain the lights were
involved in the mutilations. He went up in a small plane at night
trying to get near the big, strange light, but it always maintained
its distance as if calculated by intelligence.
“Several times”, Tex said, “we observed smaller lights come
out of this Big Mama and then come down toward Earth. This
huge brilliant light would hang in the air and then when it would
move, it could move up and down, backwards, forward, travel very
rapidly and after a while these smaller lights would join up with the
larger one and then they would disappear”.
Reporter Bill Jackson with the Sterling Journal-Advocate rented
a high-powered lens and a strong tripod to capture Big Mama on
film. Bill said he had never encountered anything like the mutilations 
and unidentified lights. He was frightened one night while
trying to get a camera out of his car trunk. A white flash of light
sped upward from the ground near him with a “whoosh” sound
and disappeared as it rose.
Another night, Bill was driving on Colorado Highway 61
from Yuma to Sterling when he saw something that haunted him
afterward.
“The night was real cloudy, low ceiling about 400 to 500 feet.
Driving north about 30 miles outside Sterling, I saw what I thought
was a big airplane with landing lights coming down.
“I pulled to the side of the road thinking I was really going
to be on a big story - maybe a 747 airliner coming down in the
prairie. I stood outside my car and watched the craft fly right over
me. It was completely silent, not a sound. I could hear the crickets
chirping. There were all kinds of lights - green ones, white ones,
red ones, orange ones - maybe a hundred of them. I couldn’t see
any definite shape. But the lights seemed to run in lines, maybe
like a rectangle or an oval. It was as big as a football field, at least
300 feet long, and moving slowly below the clouds.”
In those months that Bill worked to capture Big Mama and
Baby UFOs on film, he said the big light’s size was “half way between 
bright Venus and the full moon, an arc welder white. The
big craft would change glowing colors from brilliant white to red,
orange  and  green.  Little  lights  came  out  of  the  bottom  that  were like  Venus  in  size  and  brightness.  Most  of  the  time,  it  would  be  visible  for  a  half-hour  or  an  hour  at  a  time.” Bill  Jackson  used  a  Pentax  Honeywell  camera  SP1000  with Kodak  2475  high  speed  film,  ASA  6400,  and  1250mm  and  260mm lenses.  Exposure  times  ranged  from  15  seconds  to  1  minute. 


“Big  Mama  and  Baby  UFO”  time  exposures  with  1250mm  lens,  December  1976 to  February  1977,  by  Journal-Advocate  reporter  Bill  Jackson,  Sterling,  Colorado. 
The  Logan  County  UFO Bill  Jackson,  reporter  for  the  Sterling  Journal-Advocate,  took  these pictures  for  the  Gazette  Telegraph during  December,  January  and February.  He  used  a  Pentax  Honeywell  camera  SP1000  and  Kodak 2475  high  speed film with 1250mm  and  260mm  lenses  with various  time  exposures.  Above right:  Big  Mama  creates  a  double streak  while  her  babies  create single  lines  as  they  move  away from  the  area.  Above  left:  the UFO  appears  as  an  elongated  light in  a  15-30  second  time  exposure. Left:  a  pinwheel  effect  showing the  UFO's  motion.  


GAZETTE TELEGRAPH Sunday,  April  24,  1977 
Do UFOs Fly In Colorado? 
By DOROTHY ALDRIDGE GT Staff Writer
A baby UFO and its  “Big Mama”,  a soundless,  illusive flying object,  have become the focal points in  Logan County for  a devoted audience of nighttime viewers. 
Those monitoring the strange objects since their appearance in  northeastern Colorado in  late November include the Logan County Sheriff’s Department,  which views them as  a new dimension of its investigation into cattle mutilations. 
The unexplainable deaths and confirmed mutilation of 72  cattle in  the county since August  1975  prompted Sheriff Harry  L.  “Tex”  Graves to pursue every possible lead that may result in  uncovering those responsible for the senseless slaughter. 
Reports of  strange lights over Logan County began coming into Graves’  office toward the end of  November, about the time he  found peculiar  “pot marks”  he attributed to  “possibly an  unknown type of  aircraft”  near the scenes of  mutilations. 
“These were the same type of tracks found by  lawmen last September near the site of an  animal mutilation in New Mexico,”  he said. Big Mama,  which can change shape and color,  has been observed by  numerous residents of  the county,  according to  reports in  the sheriffs office.  Those who have frequently observed her include Undersheriff Jerry Wolever,  chief deputy Tom Bohannan,  deputies Bob Stone and Gary Cure;  Bill Jackson, news reporter for the Sterling Journal-Advocate;  and Jake Gronseth,  news director for Radio Station KGEK in  Sterling.  All agree they’ve seen the following: 
Big Mama can be  likened to a pencil eraser and her little one to  the size of  a pin head in comparison.  You can be looking at  the stars and five minutes later Big Mama will be there.  If she’s close or  low in the sky you can see one large white light underneath with red and green lights on either side of  it.  At  a distance the lights flash white,  turn green,  then red,  like one revolving colored light.  For the most part,  she just hovers. 
Suddenly  a stream of  light bounces from beneath the large craft and the baby UFO with  a single brilliant light comes from Big Mama and starts to  move off slowly.  As though it  has kicked in  an after burner,  it then moves out of  sight rapidly.  Mama just sits there for  a time,  then either disappears or  turns out her lights. 
None of  the viewers have heard either craft make  a sound and no  either has reported seeing the little craft go back in  the big one or  even rejoin it. 
Graves,  who exchanges information with law enforcement officials in  20  other states where cattle mutilations have occurred during past years,  recently received information concerning Big Mama and her baby from Capt.  Keith Wolverton of  the Cascade County Sheriff’s Department in  Great Falls, Mont.  Wolverton also has conducted an  intensive investigation into all leads concerning cattle mutilation. 
“He watched Big Mama on radar,  just hanging there at 21,000  feet,  and in  3 1/2 seconds she had moved to  44,000  feet,” Graves said.  “We know of  no chopper in  the United States that has this much speed.  The fastest one is  the Cheyenne, which has  a top speed of  290 miles an  hour.” 
The lights of  Big Mama are brilliant and hover in  the sky from half an  hour to  an hour. 
“If you look lower in  the sky you can sometimes see from two to  five of  them,”  he said.  “Suddenly,  they’ll all join in  a group and disappear.” 
According to  Jackson:  “The undersheriff and  I watched Big Mama one night when she was really bright.  The light went to  a pinpoint,  then got larger and brighter.  After awhile she wasn’t there.  She either turned off her lights or moved out.” 
Jackson and Undersheriff Jerry Wolever,  who is  accumulating hours toward his private pilot’s license,  have taken  a number of  night flights after spotting Big Mama in the sky in  an effort to get closer to  her. 
“We flew up  to  10,000  feet and she was further away from us  than when we  started,”  Wolever said.  “We can never get close to  her because she plays games.  She always paces us,  just so  far away,  or disappears altogether.” 
In an  effort to  bring her into closer range,  they used infrared binoculars and star scopes. “One night when she was considerably closer than usual we were on  the ground and looked at  her through  a  60- power zoom telescope,”  Wolever said.  “We could see her change shape and color.  At first she was  a round shape, then we  lost her for  15  minutes.  When she appeared again she was  a rectangular shape like  a pear or  a tear drop.  The color of  the entire thing turned from white to  a red,  then to  green and back to white again.” 
The first instance of unexplainable  “pot marks” noted by  Graves near two mutilated cattle were five feet apart,  forming  a triangular pattern.  They were seven inches across and  214  inches deep and looked as  though made by  a round bottom plate.  There was no  prop wash and no  burn marks that might come from  a conventional aircraft. 
In the second occurrence of the marks they were too numerous to  determine  a pattern since they were found north,  east and west of  the animal’s body,  spreading out to an  area as  far as  50  feet from it. 
The sheriff returned two days later and discovered  a new set of  similar tracks that hadn’t been there when he first investigated the mutilation.  These were three circular shaped indentations in  the ground which formed  a triangle with the sides of  the triangle about  13  inches apart. 
In all instances of  the peculiar tracks,  he said,  reports of strange lights in  the sky had been reported the night before the mutilated animals were discovered. 
Another unexplainable circumstance in  conjunction with an earlier mutilation,  the sheriff said,  involved strange skid marks that looked as though somebody had dragged a bag of  feed over the grass approximately  50  feet from the animal. 
One of  the more mysterious incidents reported to  the sheriff involved three cattle mutilations during the first week of August  1976  in the same feed lot seven miles southwest of Sterling. 
On successive nights three animals died and were disfigured with no  clues left behind.  Two of  the ranch’s cowhands decided they’d stake out the feedlot for the next two nights,  sitting on  the grain elevator. 
The second night about  4 a.m.  the feedlot was well lit and there was plenty of  lightning when they saw three “human-like figures”  go over the feedlot fence,  they told the sheriff later adding that the figures didn’t move like humans;  they seemed to glide.  They called the sheriff’s office and within six minutes two cars of  officers were there,  but the  “figures”  were nowhere to  be found,  although there were no  cars in  the area they could have escaped in. 
So far,  no cattle mutilations have been reported in Logan County this year,  according to  the sheriff who finds that the incidences slacken off during colder weather. 
“On the other hand,  there could be  mutilated animals lying out there,”  he said. “Maybe their owners just haven’t found them yet.” 



For comparison,  in left column are two  1976  black and white Big Mama photographs next to  1988  color photos of  another unusual light that haunted Ashdown,  Arkansas,  from January  18  to April  1988. 1976  Logan County UFO by Reporter Bill Jackson, Journal-Advocate, Sterling,  Colorado. 1988Ashdown UFO by Editor Jim Williamson, Little River News, Ashdown,  Arkansas.


I was drawn into the story in September 1979. Mutilation stories
had flared up again in Canadian and western U.S. newspapers. It
had been four years since my brother’s October 1975 experience at
Malmstrom Air Force Base - and at least a decade of mysterious animal 
deaths that haunted law enforcement and ranchers.


Globe-News, Amarillo, Texas, May 1978
Cattle mangled by UFO’s?
Edmunton Journal, Edmunton, Alberta, Canada,
October 9, 1979
Cattle-killing puzzle spread across border


I dug through old Boston files and found some of the Montana
and Idaho articles my parents and brother had sent me in 1975. That
huge Malmstrom AFB orange, glowing disc and all the mutilations
around Great Falls - could they really be intrusions on this planet by
extraterrestrials?
Since I was a child, the night sky had been a friend. In grade
school, I asked my parents to buy me a telescope. When the four and
a half inch Dynascope reflector came in the mail, I was about nine
years old. That long black tube with its three lenses and awkward
wooden legs was my treasure. Even in cold winter, I would stand on
a chair shivering, neck cricked, so I could look through the eyepiece
at stars, planets and the moon.
I put a sign in the Boise Public Library asking anyone interested
in forming an astronomy club to call me. Six boys did, and we spent
hours and whole nights working with our telescopes. But I never saw
anything I could not identify. The sky was beautiful and predictable.
Those newspaper clippings about strange animal mutilations
possibly connected with unidentified lights troubled me at a deeper
level than curiosity. Running like a dark, cold river through me was
a sense of threat that the once-friendly sky had suddenly become
unpredictable and scary.

When I started my investigation, one of the first people I went
to see was former sheriff Tex Graves in Sterling. It took two hours
to go from Denver to that remote ranch community in northeastern
Colorado. In some places there is nothing but open land, a few cows
or horses here and there. No houses, no buildings, no people. Only
the wind and grass. Perfect country in which mutilators could operate
undetected.
Tex Graves was a big man, who had worked in law enforcement
for twenty-four years throughout sprawling Logan County. The
mutilations upset him because they weren’t like anything Tex had
encountered before. No traceable evidence, no suspects, no arrests.
Only dead animals with bloodless cuts that gave him nightmares.
I spoke to him in his vacuum cleaner repair shop shortly after
he retired. At first, he didn’t want to talk much. He handed me a
big stack of color Polaroids he had taken of mutilated animals when
he was sheriff. While he repaired a vacuum, I sat down on the floor
in a nearby room and arranged the photos in chronological order.
There were at least two hundred, some different angles of the same
animal. Over and over, the same bloodless cuts. One poor steer had
apparently been mutilated while still alive. A left ear and eye, the
tongue, genitals, rectum and tail had been removed while he dug an
8-inch-deep hole with his head.
“Those feet didn’t move a quarter of an inch”, Tex said in both
disgust and awe when I asked him about the photo.
I told him it made me angry. The cruelty of it, the flaunted,
arrogant way the bodies were left to be found. Why?

Steer apparently paralyzed, except for head, so its body was held in place on powder dry pasture of Kokes ranch near Sterling, Colorado.  The speculation is that while the steer’s left ear, genitals, rectum and tail were bloodlessly excised, the steer felt pain and moved its unparalyzed head enough to dig an  8-inch-deep hole.  Polaroid by Logan County Sheriff Tex Graves in northeastern Colorado, September  8,1975. 


At the end of the day, Tex sat down next to me at  a welding bench. He was smoking  a cigarette. He inhaled, exhaled, looked down. He wanted to talk. “Tex, did you ever see  a light down in  a pasture?” He inhaled, exhaled. “No, but  I sure tried to track them in the sky. We flew up there after Big Mama. No matter how we tried, we could never get closer than five miles to it. Like it tracked us, too, keeping its distance.” “Did you ever come to any personal opinions about what it could be?” He puffed on the cigarette and looked down at his workbench. “One night  a deputy and me was out late. We’d been at mutilations that day and those lights was in the sky. I asked him, ‘How many of
Them do you think are coming here to do this?’ The deputy looked
at me sideways. He was driving. He knew exactly what I meant.”
Tex told me, “The perpetrators are creatures from outer space.”

Like other sheriffs, Tex Graves was puzzled about how the
mutilators got in and out of pastures without leaving tracks.
He had talked about the phenomenon with Deputy Sheriff Keith
Wolverton in the Cascade County Sheriff’s office in Great Falls,
Montana. Deputy Wolverton not only had strange, silent helicopter
reports, but people had called his office about small, fixed-wing
“planes” that hovered and then literally “dissolved away.” Some
ranchers had seen a beam of light come down from a glowing
aerial object into a pasture where a mutilated animal would later
be found.
Texas researcher Tom Adams, who published a Stigmata newsletter 
about animal mutilations, also investigated the mysterious
helicopter reports. He summarized some findings for a conference
on April 20, 1979, in Albuquerque organized by then U.S. Senator
Harrison Schmitt of New Mexico and United States Attorney R.E.
Thompson. Senator Schmitt had angry constituents demanding
something be done about the mutilations (Page 434). Tom wrote:
“These ‘mystery helicopters’ are almost always without identifying 
markings, or markings may appear to have been painted
over or covered with something. The aircraft are frequently reported 
flying at abnormal, unsafe or illegal altitudes. They may
shy away if witnesses or law officers try to approach. But there are
several accounts of aggressive behavior on the part of the helicopter 
occupants, with witnesses chased, ‘buzzed’, hovered over or
even fired upon.
At times these choppers appear very near mutilation sites, even
hovering over a pasture where a mutilated carcass is later found.
The chopper may be observed shortly before or after mutilations
occur or within days of a mutilation. ”


Author and investigative reporter Linda Moulton Howe with Sheriff Lou Girodo, Las Animas County, Trinidad, Colorado,  1988. Photo by  Randy Byers. 

Another law officer was also confused about the dark, silent helicopters. Lou Girodo was chief investigator of  mutilations in  the District Attorney’s office in  Trinidad, Colorado, when  I first met him. Later he  became sheriff of  Las Animas County. One night around  10  p.m. in  his office with  a film camera running,  I asked him,  “Who or  what do  you think is  doing the mutilations?” He paused as  if thinking how to  choose his words. Then he surprised me. “Who is  doing this now is  very possibly creatures not of  this planet. It’s possible that these mutilations are being done by  creatures from outer space.” Lou was the only law enforcement person to  state on  the record during my  TV production what others, such as  former Sheriff Tex Graves, had only confided or  alluded to  off the record. Lou Girodo also said he  thought the strange helicopters could be  spacecraft “camouflaged as helicopters” so they could sneak in and get their work done in an undercover fashion.
After that late night interview with Lou Girodo, my film crew
and I drove to Raton, New Mexico. We had been on the road for
over two weeks. I felt I was drowning in all the confusion and contradictions. 
The story was quicksand; it had no bottom, no hard
answers. I kept thinking about the rancher we filmed in Wyoming
who said “an orange glowing disk the size of a football field” came
close to him on several nights when he was watering his barley fields.
Then he discovered mutilated cows. One night there was a knock on
his trailer door, but no one was there. Later he woke up and could
not move, as if paralyzed. He didn’t know what was happening.
Neither did I. At 4 a.m. that sleepless night in Raton, I reached
for the Bible in the bedside drawer. I had nothing specific in mind. It
was simply one of those actions a person sometimes does under stress.
I turned to the end chapter of Revelation. Some words in
Chapter 14, Verse 15, stood out: “Thrust in thy sickle, and reap: for
the time is come for thee to reap; for the harvest of the earth is ripe.”
I assumed the harvest to be reaped were human souls.
I did not know who was giving the directions to reap or who
would do the reaping, but I got up and wrote in my script notebook:
“Film title - A Strange Harvest.” When the sun came up, I was still
reading that end chapter of the Bible and wondering how far the
mutilation story extended? If “creatures from outer space” actually
were the perpetrators, as Tex Graves and Lou Girodo said, what was
the reason? To what end?
In 1976, rancher Pat McGuire sketched a large, orange glowing 
disc that he and his cousin, Mark Murphy, observed one night
through the hunting scope on Pat’s rifle. They heard cows bellowing
loudly on a ridge about a mile and a half from Pat’s trailer house.
The two men could see a large, orange light hovering near the ridge.
In the hunting scope, they could also see red, yellow, blue and white
lights rotating around the top and bottom of the object.
Suddenly, the cries of  the cows stopped. The silence scared Pat and his cousin. They did not go  up to  the ridge to  find out what was wrong until the next morning. “We waited until it  was damn good daylight,”  Pat said during the filming for  A Strange Harvest.  “There we  found  a lone calf without its mother. We  never did find the mother.” 

Sketch drawn by  rancher Pat McGuire, Fall  1976, Bosler, Wyoming. 49 Night Time Sky Elevation:  7,480  feet Cows Bellowed Space Ship Spinning Viewed from  1.8  miles through rifle hunting scope. Fall  1976. Pat McGuire Ranch, Bosler, Wyoming. Elevation: 7,100  feet 




Later in 1982, author John Keel* suggested that the UFO phenomenon 
is “operating outside or beyond the human race, manipulating 
us constantly. That’s the part we should worry about. ...The
phenomenon does not really seem interested in our mundane,
day-by-day affairs except where they may influence the mysterious
long-range plan. Darwin was partly right, perhaps, when he speculated 
about a process of evolution. But Darwin did not see it as a
completely controlled process.
“It has taken a very long time and required the careful conditioning 
of billions of people. Now the nature of that conditioning is
slowly being revealed to us, perhaps as a first step toward revealing
the entire master plan.”

An alien intelligence setting in motion and secretly controlling
and manipulating Homo sapiens** evolution is a persistent theme
in UFO literature. But what is the long-range plan? Why would any
advanced intelligence harvest biological tissues from Earth animal
life, especially in such quantity?
I asked Carl Whiteside, head of the Colorado Bureau of
Investigation (CBI), about government involvement with the mutilations. 
He pointed out:
“If you’re talking about the CIA or some government spy agency,
it just doesn’t make sense to me that they would be involved in
random mutilation of cattle on individual ranches or farms. If they
were involved in something like that, they would have the resources
to do it under controlled conditions. No one would ever know.”
I think what persuaded me to seriously consider that extraterrestrials 
were the mutilators was an “eyewitness” named Judy
Doraty. I qualify “eyewitness” because the information was gained
through hypnosis. However, her story began in full consciousness
with four other family members.

* Source: “The Endless Procession” by John A. Keel, Pursuit Magazine, Third Quarter, 1982.
** Homo sapiens is the genus of primates comprising modern humans,
Homo sapiens sapiens, and several extinct species of previous humans.

On a clear moonlit night in May 1973, Judy was driving back
from a bingo game in Houston, Texas. She and her mother, her
teenage daughter Cindy, her sister-in-law and brother-in-law watched
a bright light hover in the sky. They all argued about what it could
be. Her brother-in-law thought it was a helicopter going to the
Galveston airport. But Judy wasn’t sure. Finally, after the light stayed
with them for several miles, she pulled the car over to the side of the
road near a pasture. She got out and walked to the back of the car.
At that point, she and her family simultaneously lost time. It
was as if everyone were put in suspended animation. When Judy got
back in the car, she was thirsty and nauseous. She complained to her
family she did not feel well, but no one was aware they had lost time
until they arrived home later than expected.
After that night, Judy suffered from terrible headaches and
anxiety. In 1978, she underwent her first hypnosis session with a doctor. 
That brought out part of her unusual experience.
Sometime after that hypnosis session, she recalled a strange
face, drew it and mailed the sketch (see page 60) with a dub of
her first hypnosis session to Leo Sprinkle, Ph.D., then Director of
Counseling and Testing at the University of Wyoming in Laramie.
He was one of the few professionals at the time trying to help people
who had encountered UFOs and non-humans. Dr. Sprinkle shared
the audiotape and showed me a copy of the sketch when I interviewed 
him for A Strange Harvest.
I called Judy Doraty and explained that I had listened to the first
hypnosis session in which she saw an animal taken up in a pale, yellow 
beam of light. I said her experience might help me understand
my TV documentary film subject, animal mutilations.
I suggested that another hypnosis session with Dr. Leo Sprinkle
might bring out more details of her experience, relieve some of her
pent-up anxieties and reduce the headaches. She welcomed an opportunity 
to work with Leo, but she was extremely nervous about any
publicity. She did not want me to reveal her married name or where
she lived. She was also afraid to travel. So I had to get Dr. Sprinkle,
myself and a film cameraman to Judy Doraty’s location.
Finally, on March 13, 1980, we all met in a southwest city. Judy
was a small woman with dark hair and very large brown eyes. I
thought she looked like a wounded deer.
Television colleagues had helped me find a room where we
could work uninterrupted. It was quiet and Judy had a reclining
chair to lie on. My TV cameraman, Richard Lerner, and I set up
lights while Leo talked with Judy. On the plane going down, Leo told
me that in the first hypnosis transcript, he thought there was significance 
in Judy’s statement that she felt in two places at once - both
outside and inside the aerial light. He felt that exploring the outside
and inside perspectives might move her further into the repressed
May 1973 experience.
As we set up lighting, Judy wanted to smoke a cigarette. I walked
with her to the bathroom. It was my first chance to talk with her
alone.
“Judy, Dr. Sprinkle has asked us not to film during his relaxation
work with you. I hope that makes you feel better when we get started.
We’re ready to go whenever you are.”
She paused and picked some tobacco from the end of her
tongue with her thumb and third finger, the cigarette in between.
She looked at the floor, then quickly back at me. Her dark eyes
glistened.
“I just want to know what happened to me. Sometimes when
I’m washing dishes or working around the house, I remember something 
about contamination, medical, lives will be lost. I don’t know.
Sometimes my hands shake, it bothers me so much.”
“Do you still have dreams or nightmares?”
“Yes, not as much as I used to. But I still have the headaches.”
“Leo says that when people relive their repressed experiences
under hypnosis it helps - like lancing a boil.”
Judy smiled nervously. “Sometimes I’m not sure I want to know.”
Judy Doraty was a good subject who relaxed easily and soon we
were filming. At first the material was a repeat of the first tantalizing
hypnosis session in 1978, when she saw a pale yellow beam of light
containing an animal. Leo went back and forth in time, taking Judy
deeper and deeper into relaxation, helping her to explore her sense
that she was both outside and inside the light. As he did, she finally
began to have a more complete recall of that late evening drive in
May 1973, outside Houston, Texas.
The following excerpts are a summary I have selected that are
relevant to the mutilation mystery, but not a literal sequential order.
The entire unedited transcript is included in Appendix 12.
DORATY:	It’s like a spotlight shining down on the back of my car.
It’s a pale, soft yellow. And it’s like it has substance to it
... like dust particles, like if you see through the sunlight.
And as I move closer, I can see it moving, swirling. A
brown and white calf is near the top squirming, almost
like being sucked in.
It’s taken into some sort of chamber. It’s a little round,
tiny room. And I get nauseated at watching how they
excise parts. It’s done very quickly, but the calf doesn’t
die immediately. For some reason, the calf’s heart isn’t
taken. They work very quickly. It has to be done right
away. They take the probes and insert them in the
different areas. Sometimes skin, sometimes teeth, sometimes 
tongue. There’s eyes, there’s ears. Tail sections.
Reproductive organs. Cow udders. This is not done in
only cattle. This is done in almost every animal you can
think of.
SPRINKLE:	Is this information given to you? Or shown to you?
DORATY:	It’s just mentally given to me. ... I was curious. I kept
asking about the animal and they found it insulting,
I guess, by the way they responded, that to sacrifice an
animal was nothing compared to what it would bring,
you know, the knowledge they could gain from it.
SPRINKLE:	And do they verbalize? Do they talk?
DORATY:	No. They talk, but not with their mouth. You can hear
them (inside mind.) And they talk with an accent. They
talk like someone talking through their nose, holding
their nose and talking, and they talk in a higher pitch,
but it has a funny sound to it.
SPRINKLE:	A nasal quality?
DORATY:	A nasal quality, but it has kind of a Chinese sound.
And speeded up.
SPRINKLE:	What else did they tell you?
DORATY:	They’ve been testing - they ’ve been here for quite some
time and they test the soil as well as our water as well as
our animal life and vegetation.
...There’s a lot involved. More than just pollution.
(Something) is poisoning. Their concern is loss of life,
there is going to be a big loss of life due to this.
SPRINKLE:	Do they say how they know there will be a loss of
life?
DORATY:	Because it’s already passed a certain stage.
...There’s so much of this poison in the water that people
are going to die from it. And it has to do with somehow
nuclear waste or testing, causing a change in the chemical 
composition of something.
It’s like if we continue like we are now, it’s going to
involve not only us, but possibly others. We’re not the only
ones to be concerned. They’re trying to stop something that
could cause a chain reaction. And maybe involving them.
They’re stationed here and they’re testing to see how far
along this whatever (poison) is.
SPRINKLE:	What are the parts of the animals used in the
tests?
DORATY:	Every part at some time or another. The most important
being the reproductive system. They keep a closer watch
on that because they can tell how far down (the poison)
is. With each offspring, they say it gets more prevalent.
SPRINKLE:	The poison is more prevalent? Or the changes?
DORATY:	Changes, there are all kinds of changes. They ’re bad.
And it affects the ETs, too.
Later, Judy sees the calf being lowered back down the pale yellow
beam of light to the ground.
DORATY:	When it’s on the ground, it’s dead. I can see that it’s
not moving. I feel very sick to my stomach at what I
witnessed. ... I was allowed to see it because I happened
to stumble on to it. I remember them laughing that I
would not recall it anyway. I wasn’t supposed to be there,
but they just allowed me to be there. Like they were busy
doing whatever they were doing and just didn’t want to
bother to take the time to make me go away.
At one point in the hypnosis session, Judy doesn’t understand
why she can see her daughter Cindy in the car one minute and gone
the next. Leo relaxed her more deeply and asked her to be aware of
where Cindy was.
DORATY:	I know I have a feeling of fear.
SPRINKLE:	OK, let yourself go on through the experience. Let
yourself go on through the fear. What impressions come
to mind?
DORATY:	I just visualize her on a table.
Judy’s voice cracked as if she were holding back tears. I was
watching her face, sensing a fellow human being about to scream.
SPRINKLE:	What happens next?
There was silence. Then Judy’s right hand began to slap on the
arm of the chair. At first, lightly. Then harder and harder. It was fear.
It was anger. It was attack. She cried out and then she sobbed.
DORATY:	I’m just afraid they ’re going to do to her what they	did to
the animal!
I looked at Leo. I could hear him breathing faster. Leo tried to
bring Judy away from what she was seeing.
SPRINKLE:	Let yourself relax deeply ...
But Judy had seen what she could not stand to see and tore loose
from the hypnosis, yanking her head up, eyes flaring with anger.
DORATY:	No, I don’t want to!
Leo hung on, trying to force her back into the hypnosis.
SPRINKLE:	You can tolerate ...
But Judy was afraid to look at her own memory.
DORATY:	Not yet!
Leo’s voice grew louder. He was in a struggle. He did not want
her to be left in this terrified state, prematurely	tearing	herself	out
of the hypnosis unable to confront the scenes in	front	of her.	For
Leo, that moment was the essence of everything he believed about
abductions. It was important for the person to face up to the trauma,
to relive it so that it would be diffused, weakened, neutralized. Leo
spoke strongly.
SPRINKLE:	You know it’s all right. Just let yourself go on
through. Just relax deeply. You know that everything’s going to be OK. You see Cindy on the table. What happens next?
He had been in similar struggles with other pained and crying 
people under hypnosis. It was his experience that pulled Judy
through her resistance.
DORATY:	I’m just afraid they ’re going to hurt her.
Judy was still crying, her nose running. Leo took a handkerchief
out of his pocket, leaned toward Judy and pushed it into her hand.
She was conscious and she wiped her nose and tears. Then she lay
back, giving in to the strength of Leo’s voice, to her own conflict of
wanting to know what had happened, but not wanting to see her
daughter hurt.
SPRINKLE:	You’re afraid, but let yourself go on through the
experience, let yourself be aware, relax deeply.
You can be aware of what happens next.
DORATY:	They put her to sleep, I guess.
Judy’s voice became softer, a resignation to continuing. Leo
exhaled as if he had been running.
SPRINKLE:	They put her to sleep. OK, what’s happening now?
DORATY:	They ’re just examining her, I guess. ... just scrapings
like ... they go inside her mouth.
Then she cried out one more time to rescue her daughter from
the table and the grey beings.
DORATY:	But I’m so afraid they ’re going to	cut her or something!
SPRINKLE:	Do you say anything?
DORATY:	They don’t listen. They just ignore me and just go about
their work as if it’s nothing. They don’t seem to have
any emotions. They don ’t seem to care. I thought they
were going to harm her. That they were going to do to her
what they did to the animals.
They couldn’t seem to understand why I would even be
upset.
SPRINKLE:	Just like it was routine ...
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	... routine business for them?
DORATY:	Like a laboratory animal or something.
Judy described a sensation that she was pulled back to her body
standing beside the car. She got back into the driver’s seat complaining 
of thirst and nausea. But her family was not aware that she had
been gone for any length of time nor that anything unusual had happened 
to Cindy or that they, the family, had experienced missing time
as well. As Judy drove home, everyone in the car saw the strange light
in the night sky again.
After we filmed the hypnosis session, I kept in touch with Judy
by phone. She told me her terrible headaches subsided. She also
told me that she and her mother talked about that 1973 light. Her
mother remembered arguing about what it was before Judy stopped
the car. She also remembered the trip back home and seeing the
craft follow them and land in a pasture near a relative’s house.
Judy’s mother remembered the craft shot straight up toward the
moon, and then hung there motionless like a star.
Judy told me her mom and grandmother on her mom’s side each
had their own strange experiences from youth on. It’s possible that
at least four generations of these women, including Judy’s daughter,
Cindy,* were tracked by the Grey non-humans that communicated
telepathically.
If so, perhaps it was not an accident that the light followed the
car and that Judy stopped and got out. Perhaps the Grey beings
wanted some part of Judy to watch exactly what they were doing to
the calf. Maybe an alien motive for leaving the mutilated carcasses
to be found throughout the world is to make sure that humans pay
attention. But why? Do the grey-colored beings want to reinforce
human perceptions that the aliens are superior? Is it vital to their
work that they give an impression of omnipotence? Humans deserve
to know who all the so-called “Greys” really are, why they are here,
and what the true agenda is behind the 3-D images, symbols and
manipulative illusions the beings use in telepathic communications
with human minds.
In the hypnosis session, Judy Doraty described the two Grey
creatures that were dissecting the calf:
“Their hands look funny. They have long, claw nails and
large heads.
They are like a midget - probably three feet tall. Their bodies
are thin. They have a grey body suit on. But I can see part of their
skin. You can almost see through it. It’s pasty-looking and thin
like if you would touch it, it might pop.
And they had very long nails. They were dark, almost like an
animal’s nails.

* Dr. Leo Sprinkle and I wanted to do further hypnosis with Cindy in 1980, but she was hesitant. By 1990, Cindy agreed to undergo hypnosis described in Glimpses of Other Realities, Vol. I: Facts & Eyewitnesses © 1993 by Linda Moulton Howe.


This  small,  grey-colored  being’s  head  teas  shaped  like  a  praying  mantis, but  the  eyes  had  vertical  pupils  like  a  cat  or  snake.  September  24,1979, sketch  that  Judy  Doraty  sent  to  Leo  Sprinkle,  Ph.D. Sketch by
Judith Doraty(Received) Sep. 24, 1979wideset eye60 


“Their  bone  structure  wasn’t  very  good,  not  very  strong.  They had  very,  very  large  eyes.  They  were  piercing  and  frightening.  It’s almost  like  they  were  transparent.  They  ’re  very  hypnotic.  And  they don’t  blink.  The  eyes  do  not  blink.  It’s  almost  like  a  snake?  Something  about  the  eyes  are  very,  very  different.  Other  than  being  big, there’s  something  almost  like  they  change.  They  (lines  in  the  eyes?) move  in  and  out  real  fast.  (Judy  made  a  fist  and  then  extended  her fingers  in  and  out  several  times.) If  they  had  a  nose,  I  didn’t  notice.  If  they  did,  it  was  very  small. But  I  did  see  a  mouth.  They  have  a  small  chin,  rather  pointed.  ” If  those  small  creatures  with  “cat  or  snake  eyes”  that  have  grey skin  and  grey  body  suits  are  the  mutilators,  the  still  unanswered question  is  why  are  they  assaulting  animals  and  abducting  humans? Judy  Doraty  had  the  impression  that  the  animal  parts  are  being  used for  research  that  affects  both  the  Grey  beings  and  humans.  By  2014, it  was  becoming  more  clear  that  such  small  Greys  are  biological  androids  programmed  to  do  the  mutilations,  human  abductions  and other  work  on  this  planet  for  a  superior  intelligence  the  U.  S.  government  calls  EBEs,  or  EBENs  -  extraterrestrial  biological  entities. 61 



Bill  English  memo  about  “Project  Grudge  Report  Number  13,  Top  Secret” with  March  1980  handwritten  notes  by  Howe. 
MEMORANDUM 
An  eyewitness  has  described  an  official  Project  Grudge  Report Number  13,  Top  Secret,  Need  To  Know  Only  classification,  that was  in  fact  published  but  then  never  distributed  and  was  in  fact subsequently  destroyed.  It  consisted  of  624  pages,  typed, offset  reproduced  on  white  paper  with  a  gray  cover and  included whole pages  of  print by Prof.  Allen  Hynek and Col. Friend. It covered  U.  S.  Government  Official  UFO  Procedures,  classifications, and  all  Top  Secret  UFO  Activity  from  1942  through  1951.  Among other  information  it  included  the  followings 1.  UFO  Activity a.  Significant  UFO  sightings. b.  UFO  landings. c.  UFO/Alien  Close  Approaches,  Abductions,  Detentions. d.  Crashed  UFOs  and  UFO  Retrievals. e. Sensitive  Military/Industrial  Areas  where  close  encounters occurred. f.  Technical  Details  on  Dismantled  UFOs. g.  UFO  Physics  -  Exotic,  Nuclear,  Weaponry. (1)  Clean  Breeder  Reactor  size  of  oval  basketball. (2)  Ultrasonic,  light,  Ray,  and  Beam  Weapons. 2.  Photographic  Section  -  All  Glossy  Pages,  photos  3  1/2  x  5,  8x10. a.  Photographs  of  sensitive  UFOs. b.  Color  photographs  of  crashed  UFOs. (1)  Three  in  good  condition. (2)  One  dismantled. c.  Color  Photographs  of  deceased  aliens  (Averaged  4 1/2  feet) d.  Color  Photographs  of  3  living  Aliens. e.  Color  Photographs  of  Human  Mutilations  (Head,  rectum,  sex organs,  internal  organs,  blood  removal).  One  military witness  observed  human  abduction,  body  found  a  few  days later.  This  case  which  happened  in  late  1958  had  been added to  the  file. 3. Covered  Human  and  Humanoid  Aliens, a.  Humanoid  Species b.  Humanoid  Autopsies (1)  No  indication  of  age. 
(2)  Small  Species  similar  to  humans  very  similar,  varied in  height  a  few  inches. (3)  liquid  Chlorophyl  Base  Nurishment. (4)  Food  absorbed  through  mouth  membrane,  wastes  excreted through  skin. (5) language  similar  in  appearance  to  Sanscrit,  mathematical phrases. (6)  live  Alien  communicated  only  desired  answers  to  questions. Remained  silent  on  undesired  questions. Classified  summary  of  the  report  completed  the  text. Note:  The  one  copy  seen  had  been  annotated  and  updated  by  someone. 


On March 9, 1980, two and a half months before A Strange
Harvest was broadcast on May 25, 1980, I received a telephone call
from a man named Bill English. He was phoning to talk about a
memorandum that had been prepared by UFO researcher, author
and retired Air Force Colonel Wendelle Stevens. The subject was the
existence of a “Project Grudge Report Number 13, Top Secret.”
The Project Grudge information had been sent to the Aerial
Phenomenon Research Organization (APRO) in Tuscon, Arizona,
headed by Jim and Coral Lorenzen, now deceased.
Bill English called to tell me he was a firsthand eyewitness to
the Grudge report and that its content was true and Top Secret. He
told me he saw the report in 1977, when he served with the U.S. Air
Force in England. He explained that he had talked to retired USAF
Lt. Colonel Wendelle Stevens* about the sensitive material outlined
in the memo. Bill wanted me to know that in the Top Secret Grudge
13 report, he had seen photographs of both animal and human
mutilations.
As disturbing as the alleged Grudge 13 Report might be, I think
today the material deserves attention because it relates to information 
in Chapter 8.
Whatever the truth is, something attacked the cow on the Dean
Gilham Ranch in northeastern Colorado on September 11, 1976,
and left a burned, charred hole in its neck. (Pages 65 and 67.) That
Something also left tripod marks in the ground nearby (Page 66).


* USAF Lt. Col. Wendelle Stevens, who died in 2010, had investigated
the UFO phenomena internationally and published 22 books, including his
investigation of the Billy Meier contactee case in Switzerland.


Polaroid  by  Logan  County  Sheriff’s  Office,  Dean  Gilham  Ranch, northeastern  Colorado,  September  11, 1976. 


Polaroid  by  Logan  County  Sheriff’s  Office,  Dean  Gilham  Ranch,  northeastern  Colorado, September  11,  1976.  White  paper  placed  at  each  indentation  in  the  ground formed  a  tripod  pattern  near  the  mutilated  cow. 


The  UFO  Factor Gilham  Ranch  burned  and  mutilated  cow  near  the  tripod  marks. The  removal  of flesh  at  the  jaw  is  a  typical  mutilation  pattern, but  the  charred  hole  in  the  neck  is  not.


An  Alien  Harvest This  is  a  typical  animal  mutilation  where  the  lower  jaw  and  nose  flesh  are  bloodlessly  removed  to clean,  white  bone.  The  “cookie  cutter”  circular  removal  of  flesh  around  the eye  is  another  repeated pattern,  as  are  the  missing  ear,  eye  and  tongue.  Polaroid  by  Sheriff  Tex  Graves,  Budin  Ranch, Logan  County,  northeastern  Colorado,  1976.  The  next  photograph  on  Page  69  is  a  bottom view  of  the same  kind  of  jaw  flesh  excision. 


This  clean  rounded  cut  which  removed  all  lower  jaw  flesh  and  tongue  is  a  repeated pattern  in  the  mutilations.  Polaroid  by  Sheriff  Tex  Graves,  Karg  Ranch, Logan  County,  northeastern  Colorado,  August  15,1975. 


In  contrast  to  the  intact  bodies  of  mutilated  animals,  this  is  a  cow  carcass  torn  apart and  eaten  by  natural  predators  such  as  coyotes  and  birds.  Polaroid  by Logan  County  Sheriff's  office,  August  1975. 


=====================================================================
Chapter 5. The  1980s


TV  Guide,  May  24-30,1980 
CATTLE MUTILATIONS 
Hundreds  have  been  reported  in the  last  5  years-all  with frightening  similarities: Who  or  what  is  killing these  animals? Cults? U.F.O's? Secret  government operations? Witness  the  stories,  then  decide for  yourself...  Who  or  what  is  causing ASTRANGE HARVEST A  KMGH  Special  Presentation TONIGHT 8:30-10PM 


A  Strange  Harvest  was  broadcast  on  KMGH-TV  (CBS)  in Denver,  Colorado,  between  8:30-10  p.m.  on  May  25,  1980.  In  both Arbitron  and  Nielsen,  it  had  a  high  19  rating  and  a  37  share,  which translated  into  about  a  quarter  million  Colorado  and  Wyoming viewers  that  night. 
The next day at the office, the phones never stopped ringing.
Then the mail came in large canvas bags. A Littleton businessman said
he had been on the phone in his kitchen looking out a window that
faced the mountains and some pasture land west of Denver. He could
see what looked like a helicopter, large and dark, coming straight toward 
his house no more than 100 feet above ground. That low altitude
held his attention. While still on the phone, he called his mother-in-
law to go outside and watch as he hurriedly got off the phone to join
her. The “chopper” came within a mile of his house, stopped in midair 
and started rising very slowly. The object was silhouetted against
the late afternoon sun as it rose. The man could clearly see there were
no whirling rotor blades. And there was no sound.
His mother-in-law said that as it rose, “the object turned first into
a ‘ball shape’, which then transformed into a ‘square shape’. Then
the whole thing shot straight up out of sight in less than a second.”
Another man called me from Colorado Springs and told me
about the night several ranchers armed with guns patrolled a pasture 
where there had been several mutilations. A light came toward
them. A beam like a helicopter search light came out, but there was
no chopper sound. The “helicopter” descended to the pasture. The
men were frozen in their tracks with the hair literally rising on the
backs of their necks. They had guns, he said, but they didn’t move.
After awhile, the odd helicopter rose in the air silently and reversed
its flight path, moving away exactly as it had come. The men went to
their trucks and back home. The next morning after sun up, they
returned to the pasture and found two mutilated cows within yards
of each other in the middle of the pasture they had patrolled all
night. It was as if the perpetrators were flaunting their ability.

Lynn Lauber, an animal mutilation investigator with the Royal
Canadian Mounted Police, called me. His office in Calgary, Alberta,
had thirty-eight mutilation reports at the end of December 1979. He
was still coping with more mutilations in 1980, so Lauber wanted to
screen my documentary, A Strange Harvest. His RCMP office, he told
me, was using the Satanic cult explanation for animal mutilations “to
keep the public and media off our backs”. He said the truth was that
he was secretly investigating UFOs and extraterrestrials.
A high school science teacher named Iona Hoeppner called
me from Briggsdale, Colorado. The sheriff there had investigated
two calves found mutilated next to each other. The soil was “baked
hard” by something emitting heat. Liquids would not soak into the
ceramic-hard ground.
The sheriff cut part of the hide out from around the mutilator’s
excisions with scissors for examination. The science teacher used a
scalpel to cut a sample of hide from around both the sheriff’s and
the mutilator’s cuts. She called me with great concern in her voice.
She said that under a school microscope, the sheriff’s scissors cut
and her own scalpel cut showed normal cell disruption. But she
insisted that the mutilator’s cut was perfect from cell to cell - no
broken cell walls. Iona had never seen anything like it before and
she wanted to know if I had ever heard of such a thing. I told her
that there were stories from other investigators that the animal
mutilators separated whole cells from each other instead of cutting
through them, but I had no proof.

A university in Greeley, Colorado, asked me to speak about
my television investigations of the animal mutilation phenomenon
shortly after Iona Hoeppner called. So she and I agreed to meet at
the university where Iona wanted to hand over to me tissue and fluid
samples from the calves for shipment to a lab that agreed to analyze
them for me. After my presentation, we walked to my car. She handed 
over a neatly wrapped box containing cowhide and fluid samples.
We shook hands and said good night. I got in the car and put the
box on the seat beside me. As soon as I shut the car door, a very high-
pitched sound surrounded me. Puzzled, I opened the door and shut
it again. The sound continued uninterrupted. I got out of the car
and walked around it. There was no sound outside.
Back in the car, the high-frequency sound was still there. I
looked at the box on the seat. Then I picked it up and held it to
my ear. The sound inside the car was so loud I could not detect its
source. So I got back out of the car with the box. No sound.
People were walking past me from the auditorium. They
recognized me from the talk and said hello. Suddenly I felt foolish.
How could I ask someone to listen for a high-frequency sound in my
car? It was hard enough talking to a crowd about a subject as controversial 
as animal mutilations. I wasn’t going to embarrass a stranger
and myself with questions about a weird noise in my car. I got back
in, turned the radio on to help cover up the persistent high-pitched
sound and drove off.
The trip from Greeley to my home in Littleton took two hours.
That entire trip, the high-pitched sound was in my car. I kept looking 
up into the dark sky expecting to see a glowing disk. At exactly
the moment I entered my garage, the high-pitched sound stopped.
The sudden silence was jolting. I sat there with my headlights on and
stared at the package. Did someone or something monitor me that
night and follow me home?
I left Iona Hoeppner’s samples in the garage. Early the next
morning, I mailed them to chemist Robert Schoenfeld at the
Schoenfeld Clinical Lab in Albuquerque, New Mexico. He had performed 
some tests for the New Mexico State Patrol office and had
agreed to do other mutilation tests. Bob told me the box got to his
lab. But when he was ready to do the analyses, he mysteriously could
not find the box or samples.

I resolved to push on through the bizarre murk to firmer, saner
ground. By 1982, I was thinking less about UFOs. I had done several
Colorado on Trial TV programs about environmental and social issues
and had started another documentary called A Prairie Dawn about astronaut 
training and laser technology in Colorado. In that film, the
future was bright and alive with science, exploration and the space
frontiers that were emerging through NASA’s efforts.
Then one day, I got a call about a mutilation, which introduced 
a new and chilling factor into those sunny days. Bill and
Linda Dzuris grew up on ranches east of Colorado Springs,
Colorado. Raising cattle had been their life. They had never seen
anything like the cow they found September 9, 1982. The six-year-
old pregnant female was alive and well with other pregnant cows
only a half-mile from the Dzuris ranch house.
Linda Dzuris explained that “about noon we went out to check
the cows. We had some about to calve. Everything was OK. So we
went back to the house and had lunch. We worked outside on
the truck all afternoon. It was a pretty day and we hadn’t seen or
heard anything.”
At 5 o’clock, Bill Dzuris got in his semi-truck to go for hay and
saw one of their black and white cows lying down in the pasture. He
called his wife from a phone down the road and asked her to check
on it. Linda Dzuris was stunned by what she found.
“Half of the udder was gone. You could see into the stomach
cavity. The eyes were bulging out. I was horrified at the thought of
what could do this in broad daylight when we had checked the cows
only a few hours before!”
Two teats were intact on the remaining half udder. The rectum
was also cut out in an oval about 24 inches wide. Was the unborn
calf removed through that opening? No one knew because there was
no examination of the cow by a veterinarian. Often paying a vet for
examination and lab tests is skipped by struggling farmers when the
animal is already dead, no matter how strange the death is.
Deputy Kelso from the El Paso County Sheriff’s office had no
answers either. He got to the cow the next day and wrote in his 2-page
Incident Report about the udder, teats and rectum: “... cut by some
type of instrument.”
Two years earlier the Dzurises reported two other mutilations
on their ranch, but the El Paso County Sheriff tried to convince
them the cuts were done by a natural predator. The mutilation that
occurred on September 9, 1982, baffled both owners and the El Paso
County Sheriffs deputy.
Did a UFO hover silently and invisible with its E. T. technology
over the Dzuris ranch that afternoon, send down a pale beam to take
up the pregnant cow to a craft where parts were excised and then
lowered the cow back down into the pasture, similar to the Judy and
Cindy Doraty 1973 experience outside Houston, Texas?


Page  2  Offense,/IncidentReport  82-3063  (Author’s  emphasis). 
The  animal's  body  was  badly  swelled  and  it  was  lying  on  its  left  side.  It was  noted  that  there  was  a  hole  with  about  a  two  foot  diameter  where  the animal's  rectum  once  was.  The  udder  area  had  also  been  damaged  as  a  1 1/2
foot  wide  by  one  foot  long  hole  was  evident.  Two  (2)  teats  were  missing, along  with  a  majority  of  the  udder  bag,  while  the  two  left  teats  were  still in  place.  It  would  seem  that  these  areas  were  cut  by  some  type  of  instrument  rather  than  being  torn  away  by  some  type  of  animal.  None  of  the meat  areas  of  the  animal  were  disturbed.  However,  it  did  seem  as  if  blood and  fluid  had  exited  from  the  left  side  of  the  animal's  head. 


This  pregnant,  six-year-old  cow  was  alive  and  well  at  noon,  but  dead  and  mutilated  by 5  p.m.,  only  a  half  mile  from  the  Dzuris  farmhouse  where  the  couple  worked  outside  all  day. The  El  Paso  County  Sheriff’s  Deputy  wrote,  “...cut  by  some  type  of  instrument.”  No  necropsy  or veterinarian  examination,  so  no  confirmation  if  unborn  calf  still  there,  or  removed.  Photo  by Linda  Dzuris,  September  9,  1982,  after  discovery  30  miles  east  of  Colorado  Springs,  Colorado. 


Half  the  udder  in  the  pregnant  cow  was  removed  bloodlessly,  but  the  two  teats  on  the remaining half  udder  were  intact.  The  pasture  was  near  the house  where  the Dzuris  couple  worked  outside  all day  and  did  not  see  or  hear  any  disturbance.  Photo  on  September  9,  1982,  by  Linda  Dzuris  only five  hours  after  pregnant  cow  was  last  seen  alive  and  well  on  that  clear,  sunny  day.


The  eyeballs  of  the  Dzuris’s  pregnant,  dead  and  mutilated  cow  bulged  large. Similar  eyeball  enlargements  have  occurred  in  other  mutilated  horses  and  cattle  and  were  also  described by  Deputy  Sheriff  Keith  Wolverton,  Cascade  County  Sheriff’s  Department,  Great  Falls,  Montana. 


Since I began research into the mutilation mystery, I have often
wondered why some geographic areas report mutilations more than
others. The Dzuris ranch was in a favorite stalking ground for the
mutilators east of Colorado Springs. Like the Dzurises, other ranchers 
in Elbert and El Paso Counties have had repeated mutilations.
One rancher was so frustrated by finding a dead cow with the strange
cuts each spring on the same hill that in 1984 he kept his cows out of
that pasture. It worked. No mutilations that year.
Elbert County law officers also encountered UFOs while investigating 
mutilations. Former Deputy Sheriff Bill Waugh slammed
his brakes and jumped out of his patrol car once when a large ball
of orange light sped straight toward his windshield. Lying on the
ground, Bill saw the light make a ninety degree turn right at his car
and disappear. He told me, “Those big, orange balls of light were
always associated with mutilations here.”
On October 22, 1982, one month after the Dzuris cow mutilation, 
the Daggett County Sheriff’s office in Utah had a similar series
of bizarre cattle deaths. On the next pages are one of the reports
with accompanying photos.


Mutilated  bull  calf. Three  photos  taken  October  22,1982,  by Daggett  County  Sheriff’s  office  on  Modesto Mendicoa  Ranch  in  Manila,  Utah. 


In November 1982, a Wyoming veterinarian, who did work for
the state and asked to remain anonymous, examined a Charolais
brood cow found mutilated on a ranch just over the Colorado
border. His professional assessment was requested by the investigating 
sheriff's office. The vet told me later, “I never believed there
was anything to the mutilations until I examined that cow near
Carpenter. The eyeball, optic nerve and eye tissue were so thoroughly 
removed and so clean that I still wonder how it was done.”
He also wondered how a cone-shaped hole in the skull bone was
made. The outer hole was wider than the hole next to the brain and
there was no blood on the brain tissue. But the vet did not report
that anomaly because he felt his “reputation could be damaged”
if he got into discussions about tissue removal he could not easily
explain in normal veterinarian terms. He wrote in his official report:
“Necropsy report right front and rear mammary glands missing. 
Left front and rear teats missing. Vulvular area missing
approximately 5 ” into pelvis, leaving rectum intact.
Hole in center of skull approximately 2 mm dia. in surface
of skull and 1 mm dia. on inside of cranium. No evidence of
outright gunshot trauma to cerebral hemispheres or remainder of
brain. Some hemorrhage in pia mater * as if something was injected 
into brain. Remainder of body showed normal postmortem
decomposition of all tissues and organs.
Cause of death possible injection of material into brain with
unknown object without causing cerebral trauma. Lab results on
brain, awaiting.”
On the next page is the original report. Blank spaces protect the
veterinarian’s identity.
* Pia mater is the delicate innermost layer of the membranes
that surround the brain and spinal cord.


This same veterinarian took a position in a major Texas university 
and periodically contacted me about other highly strange animal
mutilations he examined there as the phenomenon persists into the
21st Century.
Back in 1982, I also learned about the only daylight and conscious 
sighting of non-human creatures connected with a mutilation
that I had encountered. A rancher near Waco, Texas, had raised
cattle for over forty years. One morning in April 1980, he was looking 
for a missing cow ready to calve. He had left his truck and was
climbing a hill on foot when about one hundred yards away in a
clearing between mesquite trees, he saw two 4-foot-high “creatures”.
“They was wearin’ some kind of tight fittin’ green clothes like
the color of mesquite leaves in the spring”, the rancher told me on
the phone.
“Like a leotard?” I asked.
“I guess so”, he answered. “Even the feet was covered. The heads
was shaped like eggs with the pointy end down toward the ground.
Between them they was carryin’ a calf. Their arms swung back and
forth right together. The hands was the same color as everything
else, all sort of greenish. No other color on them.” I wondered if the
pale green was naked hide, not a leotard.
“The heads was shaped
like eggs with the pointy end
down toward the ground. Between them
they was carryin’ a calf.”
The rancher said the creatures looked like small adults that
were neither fat nor skinny, but slightly muscular. He could not see
any hair or noses. Suddenly, the heads of the creatures turned in
unison and the rancher could see what he thought were eyes angled
upward and pointed at the end.
“Sloe-eyed”, he said, “like big, dark almonds. I was afraid of
them seein’ me. I’ve read all about them abductions and I didn’t
want them takin’ me away in some flyin’ saucer! I took off down the
hill pretty fast to my truck.”
For two days, the rancher was so bothered by what he had seen
that he couldn’t talk about it with his family. Finally, he confided his
secret and went back to the site with his wife and son. On the hill,
they found what he thinks was the calf he saw swinging between the
creatures’ arms. The only thing left was the calf’s hide pulled back
over the skull and folded inside out on the ground. There was no
blood anywhere and no buzzards. About a foot from the empty hide
was a complete calf backbone without ribs.

Then in 1984, east of Pine Ridge, South Dakota, UFOs and
cattle mutilators focused on the same ranches for several weeks. The
Grass family suffered five mutilations between January and April that
year. In February, their neighbor Clayton Merchen had a UFO visit
his ranch repeatedly.
“Those lights moved real fast toward me”, he said. “Guess they
came from three miles out to just a quarter of a mile from me in a
couple of seconds. Scared the hell out of me. Stopped about four
hundred to five hundred feet up. It moved a little unstable like a
kite. It looked like landing lights on a plane.”
The UFO at the Merchen ranch chased a car driven by his
daughter and traveled along a fence toward two law enforcement
officers from Martin, South Dakota, who were asked to stake out the
nightly UFO visitors.
“We were curious about who was going to such expense, especially 
in the awful winter cold, to make a farce with these lights”,
Bennett County Deputy Sheriff Tom Jensen told me. “We didn’t take
it very seriously. We stopped and got some popcorn and coke on the
way out. Wish now we’d had a camera and binoculars.”
What the deputy sheriff and Martin police officer Gary Meyers
saw were two lights moving toward them, the left one slightly larger
and brighter than the right. In between was a flashing red light
about half the size of the white lights. The object moved parallel
with their patrol car about one hundred yards away and about one
hundred feet up.
“The strangest thing”, Deputy Jensen said, “is that the lights
shining at us did not give off any halo like car lights. It was as if the
light was in some kind of tunnel. The light never illuminated the
ground, the car, us or anything. Never saw such lights and there was
no sound. I was spooked.”
In 1985, the mutilators were still working their favorite haunts
in Colorado. That fall there were reports in Elbert County again.
Further south near Trinidad, a young rancher named Myron Scott
said he saw lights hovering above a pasture two miles away. The
next day he found a dead steer. Like the April 1980 calf mutilation
in Waco, Texas, this Trinidad steer’s hide was pulled up, too, as
described by Denver’s Rocky Mountain News on December 23, 1985:
“Scott said he is used to death. He loses a few head to lightning 
and disease each year. But he said he had never seen anything 
like this. The 600-pound-steer’s hide was pulled up over
its body ‘like you’d roll a cigarette paper; ’ its tongue was cut out
and its horns and spine were broken as if it had fallen from a
considerable height.
Yet there was no trace of blood, no footprints. Coyote tracks
stopped about thirty feet from the body. ”
The 600-pound-steer’s hide
was pulled up over its body
‘like you’d roll a cigarette paper...’

In January  1988, UFO-related incidents were happening in  several parts of  the United States. Hundreds of  residents in  Wytheville, Virginia, had described  a very large light  (some said  900  feet in diameter). There were also reports of  missing animals. In  Gulf Breeze, Florida,  a businessman and others took Polaroid photos and videotape of  strange craft which kept returning over several months. In  Ashdown, Arkansas, and Texarkana, Texas, people watched strange, large lights moving in  the sky almost nightly for about two months. The Little River News in  Ashdown took photographs of  the objects and sent them to  NASA  /Goddard. The official reply was “the planet Jupiter.” But NASA’s  “Jupiter”  was definitely an  unknown aerial object. The light movement in  the upper section of  the photograph was  a 30-second time exposure with an  F-stop of  4  looking through  a  300 mm lens about  8:30  p.m., January  25,  1988. The object was noticed at  about  290  degrees  -  or west-north-west of  the REA substation -  and about  20  degrees above the horizon. An  astronomer with  a radio astronomy program reviewed the film and negatives saying the path does not follow the path of  stars or  planets. The object appears to  have flown  a straight path and made two 90-degree turns within the  30-second time exposure using  1,000 ASA speed color film. Below is February 4, 1988, Little River News article about astronomer and strange aerial lights that “went out like somebody flipped off the switch.”


Little River News, Ashdown, Arkansas, February 4,1988
Astronomer observes objects
Attention focuses on sky & unknown objects
Editor's Note: The following article 
was written by Steve Mitchell,
general manager of KTXK, Texarkana 
Public Radio Station of Texarkana 
College. The interview concerns 
Ken White, who has a daily
radio show, Sky Log, which is a syndicated 
program about astronomy.
White observed the similar sightings 
Jan. 25 along with a photographer 
and two other reporters
from the Little River News. The
Sky Log program can be heard on
KTXK each day at 8:30 a.m., 12:30
p.m., and 8 p.m. on 91.5 FM radio.
By Steve Mitchell
This past week Little River
County has been amazed, become
sleepless, scared, abused and curious.

All of this focus of attention concerns 
a series of sightings in the sky
which no one from an amateur or
seasoned professional astronomer
can deny is unidentified and is an object.

On Monday (Jan. 25) between
6:30 p.m. and 8:38 p.m., Ken White, a
seasoned amateur astronomer, and
Little River News Co-publisher Jim
Williamson photographed and
watched the object in the sky that
no one has been able to explain. The
pictures are the first known to exist
of the object and were taken with
high speed film on time exposures of
30 seconds each. White has reviewed
a copy of the photos and the negatives. 
In addition to the two individuals, 
Bob Taaffe, a former navigator
with 1,800 hours of flying experience 
on B-52s, assisted in spotting 
and recording the general directions 
of the objects. Reporters
Jeanne Jackson and Juanita Stripling 
also observed the objects in the
western section of the skies from the
REA substation located near the
center of the county and south of
Highway 32.
White is an accomplished astronomer 
and is the writer and producer
of his own daily radio show, Sky Log,
concerning astronomy. White, along
with the group of people who had
seen the object, went to the area and
waited to see it.
White said that before he began
watching the sky, he quizzed the onlookers 
to see how much they knew
about the sky. “The knowledge of
the people of what was up there was
generally amazing to me. They knew
where Venus was, and they knew
they weren’t looking at Venus.
When I pointed out Mercury, they
had seen it but that was not what
they were referring to. They had
seen that the other night and
thought it was a star. I was very impressed 
with their knowledge of the
sky”, he said.
White saw the object after 6:30
p.m. in the western sky between
Foreman and Ashdown just as had
been previously sighted. White said
in one photograph the streak of the
moving object is like a star, the only
problem is, there is no object in that
sky which is that bright.
Another picture, White says,
shows something radically different
from star movement which coincides
with what he saw. The picture clearly 
shows that the object has traveled
radically further in the 30-second
time exposure than any of the other
stars in the camera field of view.
Looking through binoculars,
White first saw the object left of
Mercury. White said, “Over the
space of a minute or minute and a
half it had risen five degree... it’s
totally uncharacterstic of a star
movement.”
Once it had risen to that point,
White said, “It just vanished. The
lights went out. It’s like somebody
reached over and flipped off the
switch.” White said that over the
course of the evening he saw a
couple of other things but “nothing
quite as mystifying and unexplainable 
to me as that is.”
White said that what he saw was
consistent with what others at the
site had seen. He said that the fact
that it appeared in the same position, 
same area of sky, same characteristics 
would seem to indicate
some sort of atmospheric condition,
but he said that the conditions were
not the same every night and which
would tend to dispel that.
White said, “This is not stars,
planet movement, or constellation
movement. I can say with 100 percent 
certainty you can rule out the
moon, Venus and Mercury.” White
said people are seeing something,
the question is - what is it? He said
that we didn’t hear anything, but
you cannot rule out anything either.
It is not star movement because the
eye cannot detect it.
When asked about the possibility
of a hoax, White said he didn't rule it
out at all, saying “what I looked at
last night, and I’ve studied books
and looked at the sky since I was a
kid, there’s nothing that I've ever
seen that would explain movement,
appearance and things like that.”
White said that it was just bright
but did not see any colored lights
but he cautioned that, if you get 10
people to witness an accident you
will get 10 different stories of what
happened.
He said that the object has been
seen by a number of people, while
some of the descriptions “don’t
all quite jive” with one another
basically they follow the same line,
and same area of the sky.
White said, “The one thing that
strikes me as unusual about it is the
repetition of it and the fact that it is
coming up in the same general
region of the sky. I just don’t know.”
He said stars usually move
downwards and not upwards.
“These rose upwards first and then
downwards. I've seen bright objects
before in the sky, but I’ve never
seen them behave in this manner”,
White said.
He indicated he has read the
news accounts broadcast over local
radio, television stations along with
the Associated Press and the
Arkansas Gazette containing the
quotes of an astronomer in Little
Rock saying the sightings in Little
River County were reflections
from Venus. “It’s hard to have
evidence 150 to 300 miles away and
draw conclusions”, he said.
“I’ve seen the objects, I’ve seen
the photos and negatives and it re-
mains a mystery. I’m not ruling the
idea of hoax. But if someone is collectively 
pulling our legs, they’re
doing a good job”, he said.
“It’s unidentified and it’s an object 
in the sky”, he said.

It just vanished. The lights went out. It s like somebody
reached over and flipped off the switch-Ken White, producer
of the astronomy radio program Sky Log, who observed the
sightings Jan. 25 between 6:30 p.m. and 8:30 p.m.


Beginning in January 1988, mutilated dogs, cats, sheep, ducks,
goats, chickens and deer were found on Long Island, New York.
John Ford and Richard Stout from the Long Island UFO Network
investigated. John had been a senior court officer on Long Island
for fifteen years; Richard worked for the sanitation department in
Brookhaven.
According to John Ford, no photographs of the dead animals
were taken because the Suffolk County police and other law enforcement 
officials removed the animals from public view within twenty-
four hours due to concern about alarming citizens.
“There was something in that ground
that was either so significant it was taken away
for evidence or so dangerous it couldn’t be left there.”
Here is a partial list of specific mutilation sites provided by the
two men, who visited with another investigator, Mark Landers.
“1) Long Island Avenue - Deer skull with cranium open and
lower jaw missing.
2) Dunton Avenue, East Patchogue, Site 1 - Carcass of a lamb
was found skinned and turned inside out. Police cordoned off area
with black and yellow crime scene tape. A 2-foot by 2-foot by 3-inch-
deep square of soil had been dug up with a shovel.
“There was something in that ground that was either so significant 
it was taken away for evidence or so dangerous it couldn’t be
left there”, said Mark Landers.
3) Mott Lane, Brookhaven - Hamlet Goat mutilated, lower jaw
stripped of flesh.
4) Dunton Avenue, Site 2 - Several cats and dogs found with
vital organs removed and all blood drained.
5) Patchogue Yaphank Road - Police cordoned off area in
trees with black and yellow crime scene tape. Animal fur on
ground. A helicopter was seen over the area the night before with
a searchlight shining down into the trees.
6) Martha Avenue - Bodies of four deer found in a neat row
with heads and legs removed. Nearly 30 deer legs had been piled
near the row of bodies.
7) South Hampton - In February, police found a number of
mutilated dogs. Heads had been surgically removed along with legs,
eyes, ears and tongues. Sex organs were cut out in smooth, oval
skin-deep excisions. Rectums were cored out. A local reporter at
the South Hampton Press told John Ford that when he saw the cuts,
they were so precise there was no other description but ‘surgically
removed.’”
UFOs had been seen over Fire Island, New York, and on April
16, 1988, Stout and Ford saw and heard for themselves an unusual
phenomenon over Moriches Bay. John Ford wrote in his report:
“... a large, blue-white elliptical object crossed, the Bay. (It)
radiated a blue light circle which radiated a blue light flash that
lit up the sky for an arc of at least ten miles. This object and light
flash lasted about three to four seconds in duration.
Immediately after the incident, the fire sirens in Shirley,
Moriches and Center Moriches went off for at least two full minutes. 
There was no apparent or reported reason for the sirens
going off.”
UFO reports on Long Island were reported throughout 1988.
Some are dramatic. On August 27th, several people watched an
orange disk as large as a football field rise out of an abandoned boat
basin near Mastic Beach and take off at great speed. John Ford and
the Long Island UFO Network have files on each case, many confidential 
to protect the witnesses.


South Shore Press, Mastic Beach (L.I.), New York, February 2,1988
A Newspaper all about
Bellport, Brookhaven, East port, East Yaphank, Manorville, Manor Park
The Mastics, The Moriches, Shirley
South Shone PressVol. IV, No. 23
Tuesday, February 2,1988
Animal Mutilations
Still Puzzle Officials
by Marie Smith
Over three weeks have passed and
there is still no answer to the cause of
the mutilated, abandoned animals
found at North Dunton Avenue in
North Bellport.
A total of 18 animals - puppies,
dogs, sheep, ducks, goats and chickens
- were found dead over the past few
weeks in a vacant area. It started out as
a regular complaintant reporting abandoned 
animals in a lot, according to
the Brookhaven Animal Shelter. First,
four dead puppies were found by an
animal-control officer and later a variety 
of other animals were found.
Acting on complaints from local residents 
and routine investigations dating 
back to December 28, town officials 
found dead animals at the site on
three separate occasions. A pit bull
mix was found with its front legs
shaved and marks that appear to be a
type of injection. Officials also found a
mutilated fox, a litter of mixed shepherds, 
a headless sheep, and a goat
head. Some of the animals appeared to
have been subjected to surgical procedures 
and some had their blood
drained.
“We’re not ruling out the possibility
that these animals were killed in some
sort of Satanic ritual, given the manner
in which they were killed, “said Brookhaven 
Department of Public Safety
Commissioner Thomas Liguori.
Steve Ramsland, who works at the
town animal shelter, agrees that the
motives could be demonic in nature:
“We’re not quite sure...there are so
many theories. Maybe there was sata-
nism being practised. We’re really not
sure at this time. We’re trying to
research and are investigating now.
We’ve got some leads from people who
called us.”
The Suffolk County police have
been called into the investigation and
believe that the animals were not killed
at the location they were found. One
theory has it that the animals have
been used to train pit bulls.
The area is under surveillance as the
investigation continues.


On May  14,1988, Weld County Deputy Sheriff Mike Stark investigated  a mutilation on  the William McKay Ranch outside Greeley, Colorado, another favorite stalking ground for the mutilators. The pasture was far from town. “This mutilation really got to  me,”  Deputy Stark told me,  “because it  was so  strange and bloodless. There are some like this I’ve seen that just can’t be  explained.  I’ve been trained to  look for evidence at  crime scenes. In  this mutilation, there was nothing. No blood. No  tracks. The cuts were precise. What would do  this?  And why?” Below and on  the next pages are his report and photographs taken at  the scene on  May  14,  1988.


Photographs taken on  May  14,1988, by  Weld County Deputy Sheriff Mike Stark, who investigated  a reported mutilation on  the
William McKay Ranch outside Greeley, Colorado. 


In  1988, there were also mutilation reports from Norfolk, Nebraska, and Lonoke County, Arkansas. Then early Friday morning, March  10,  1989, five pregnant cows were found dead by  L.C. Wyatt on  his property in  Hempstead County, Arkansas.*  Mr. Wyatt was amazed to  find the cows laid out in  a straight line in  one of  his pastures near an  old abandoned logging road. He had seen them alive and well two days before with the rest of  his herd. One cow had its legs drawn up  “as if  it had been running and was zapped by  something,”  said Jim Williamson, Editor of  the Little River News in  Ashdown. Pregnant heifer found dead with its legs in  a  “running”  position on  the  L.  C. Wyatt farm, near Hope, Arkansas, March  10,1989. Photograph by  Juanita Stripling, Associate Editor, Little River News, Ashdown, Arkansas. *  Animal mutilations were also reported in  nearby Hope, Arkansas, in  1987. See Appendix  17  and Page  431. Arkansas has long been  a focus of  the animal mutilators. 96 


Five pregnant heifers found dead  (5th behind farthest cow)  and lying in  a straight line on  the L.C. Wyatt farm near Hope, Arkansas, March  10,1989. Three had rectum tissue excised in dean, bloodless  “cookie cutter”  ovals. One had an  eye removed. Another had an  18-inch by 22-inch section of  its belly removed. Photograph by  Juanita Stripling, Associate Editor, Little River News, Ashdown, Arkansas. 97 


Mr. Wyatt contacted the Hempstead County Sheriff's Department and two deputies were dispatched to  the farm. Their conclusion was that some kind of  instrument was involved in  the excisions, but cause of  death was unclear. That same day around  6  p.m., Little River News Associate Editor Juanita Stripling went to  Mr. Wyatt’s farm to  take black and white photographs. One of  the five pregnant heifers found dead on  the  L.  C. Wyatt farm, near Hope, Arkansas, March 10,1989. The unborn calf was inside the intact embryo sac, which was lying partly outside the cow’s belly. The belly had been cut in  an  18-inch by  22-inch hole with  a hot instrument. There was no  amniotic fluid or  blood on  the cow, calf or  ground. Photograph by  Juanita Stripling, Associate Editor, Little River News, Ashdown, Arkansas. 98 


“The first look at  the scene gave the impression the cows were dropped dead in  their tracks. One cow was lying on  her right side. There was  a large, round cut out area with the calf lying just outside the cow and still in  the embryo sac. The cut area was neat, precise and approximately  1  3/4  to  2  inches deep. There was no  blood on  the ground or  on the body of  the cow or  calf. There was also no  dampness on  the ground of  water or  body fluids.” Four other cows were laid out in  a straight line. All but one had their legs straight out. The rectal areas  “were distended and it  seemed as  if they had been bored around in  approximately  a  1/4-inch-deep smooth circle.” 


Two  “cookie cutter”  excisions of  rectum and nearby tissue on  one of  the five pregnant heifers found dead and mutilated on  the  L.C. Wyatt farm, near Hope, Arkansas, March  11,  1989. Photograph by  Jim Williamson, Editor, Little River News, Ashdown, Arkansas.


Close-up of  pregnant cow’s bloodless belly excision the morning of  March  11,1989, after L.C. Wyatt dragged the cows away from where they were found March  10. Photograph by  Jim Williamson, Editor, Little River News, Ashdown, Arkansas. 


As  Juanita Stripling and Little River News Editor Jim Williamson took photographs of  the dead cows, Jim remembered that on  Thursday evening, March  9,  1989, he  noticed  a  “golden glow”  light similar to ones he  had photographed the year before in  1988. He  watched it  for three minutes above the REA  (Rural Electric Association)  substation. The distance between the light and where the heifers were found the next morning was about fifty aerial miles. A few hours later in  the dark after Juanita Stripling took her photographs and left the farm, veterinarian Dr. James Powell of  Hope, Arkansas, and Hempstead County Sheriff Don Worthy went to  the mutilation site. Using flashlights to  see, Dr. Powell cut open some of  the cows and took stomach and organ samples. It  has not been explained why the men chose to  work in  the dark. Neither man was cooperating with the Little River News nor another local veterinarian, who was concerned about the case. 100 


However, Little River News Editor Jim Williamson contacted me and  I called Dr. John Altshuler, the pathologist and hematologist who had seen and taken tissue samples from the horse, Lady, mutilated near Alamosa, Colorado, in  September  1967. Dr. Altshuler instructed Jim to  get  a new straight razor. In  the hide of  the cow that had the large belly excision, Dr. Altshuler asked Jim Williamson to  cut  a rectangle of  cowhide that would include the mutilator’s cut in  one corner with normal cow tissue in  the rest of  the sample. Jim cut tissue from the belly and eye excisions and sent them in  10%  formaldehyde solution by  Federal Express to  us in  Denver for analysis.  I was at  Dr. Altshuler’s lab when he  prepared the tissues for microscopic examination. The following are color photographs and comments in  italics by Dr. Altshuler about the cow tissue which, in  his words,  “prove that the cutting was done quickly with  a hot instrument of  some kind.”  The microscope used for the photographs was  a Reichart Microstar IV. “Examination of  the tissues after fixation revealed cut edges to be very hard, difficult to  cut and appearing somewhat darker than the surrounding tissues. Sections were taken perpendicular to  the cuts so  that on  a single microscopic slide normal and mutilated cut tissue could be  compared.” 


Photomicrograph No.  1, Arkansas Mutilator’s Cut Line, 40x-H  &  E Section by  John Altshuler,  M.D., March  23,1989. 101 


“Photomicrograph Number  1  has an  arrow which points to  the separation line. The abnormal tissue on  the left shows  a smudged pink change with nuclear fragmentation  (blue dotted particles) indicating tissue destruction and death. These changes are referred to  as coagulative necrosis. The band between cutting margin and normal tissue is  quite thin, suggesting that the dissection was done with what appears to  be pinpoint accuracy and minimal dissipation of  heat at  the cut line. 


Photomicrograph No.  2, Arkansas  “String Beans”  Cell Destruction from High Heat, 400x-H  &  E Section by  John Altshuler,  M.D., March  23,1989. Photomicrograph  2  shows dark bluish-pink parallel bundles of cells at  the cut edge of  the tissue. These changes are referred to  as the  ‘string bean’sign indicating tissue exposure to  high heat as  in laser, hot needle surgery or  unidentified instrument. 


Photomicrograph No.  3, Arkansas Cooked Tissue, Arkansas Cow, 400x  -  H  &E Section by  John Altshuler,  M.D., March  23,  1989. 


In  Photomicrograph  3, the tissue is  from below the hide surface and is  called dermis. The blue dots in  the lower portion of  the photo show relatively normal gland structures in  the dermis. The upper portion clearly shows many white spaces called vacuolar changes  (arrow)  which result from tissue cooking or  exposure to  high temperatures, probably above  300  degrees  F. In  the lower left hand corner of  Photomicrograph  4  (next page), the darker collagen tissue is  damaged from some injury source, but shows  a striking lack of  inflammatory change. This suggests that the procedure of  injury was relatively fast. Tissue classically responds to  injury over sustained time with inflammatory cells, a finding absent in  all sections of  the cut edges of  the mutilated tissues. Although numerous observers have reported  a lack of  any blood in  or around the mutilated animals, lack of  blood in destruction areas of  tissue under microscopic examination is not significant. Microscopic evaluation of  vascular channels is limited to  very small blood vessels. Looking at  the whole animal is more valuable in  assessing the presence or  absence of  blood. Taking all the microscopic findings into account, one would have to  conclude that the surgical procedure performed on  these animals took place quickly, probably in  a minute or  two, and utilized high temperature heat as  a cutting source applied in  a fine probe or  cutting instrument.  ” 


Photomicrograph No.  4, No  inflammation, Rapid Heat and Tissue Death, 100x  -  H  &  E Section by  John Altshuler,  M.D., March  23,1989. 


Dr. Altshuler’s confirmation of  a probable pinpoint heat source associated with the mutilators’  cuts reminded me  of  a  1981  case on the Grass family’s ranch east of  Pine Ridge, South Dakota. Charlene Grass sent me  a letter on  October  3,  1981. “Here is  the tail hair that was left by  the steer that was found out here by  our place.”  She said  a neighbor had seen  a strange light that spring. That was three years before the Grass family suffered five mutilations in  1984  while another neighbor, Clayton Merchen, was repeatedly visited by  a UFO.  (See pages  86  -  87.) I took the steer’s tail hair to  the Histology Department at  the University of  Colorado Medical Center for examination and color photographs. The instrument we  used was  a Zeiss Photo Microscope at  a  6.3  power. One of  the lab technicians looked at  the  “mutilated” hair under the microscope and said he  thought it  had been subjected to  heat or  a laser.  A laser was not available at  the time, so  I cut the hair with hot scissors.  I could not match the mutilator’s cut. 


Below, the brown and enlarged tail hair on  the right is  the way it  arrived from Mrs. Grass. On  the left is  a piece of  the steer’s tail hair which  I cut with hot scissors at  the University of  Colorado Medical Center, October  30,  1981. Photo by  author. 


The first significant laser use in  medical surgery began in  the late  1970s to  early  1980s. In  1979-1980  when  I produced the TV documentary film,  A Strange Harvest,  I asked  a laser surgeon at  Rose Medical Center in  Denver to  demonstrate laser cuts on  poultry bodies for my  camera. It  took him about seventeen minutes to  remove a  2-inch-diameter by  1/8-inch-deep circle of  flesh after  a team of medical technicians took nearly  a half hour to  set up  the bulky equipment. To  make large cuts,  I was told then and in  1989, surgeons still use scalpels or  electric cauterizers. Jim Williamson also contacted  a large laser equipment manufacturer called Questek in  Billerica, Massachusetts, to  find out more about current laser technology. The Littler River News reported in the
April 20, 1989, edition:
“A sales engineer said a laser required to make the type cuts
described on the cows (at the L.C. Wyatt farm) would weigh
550pounds and would be the size of an average office desk. The
length of the laser would be three feet.
With the existing known laser equipment, surgery covering
that large an area on just one cow would take about an hour in a
hospital facility.
He also said the equipment is expensive with an average cost
of about $20,000. This does not include electrical generators
required. The electrical wiring would require a minimum of 220
volts and probably require specialized wiring.
Safety factors would also be required to protect the eyes from
the heat in addition to a cooling system. ”
No one knows for certain how many animals have been mutilated 
over the years and around the world. In Colorado, Elbert County
Sheriff George Yarnell’s files contained sixty-four official typewritten
mutilation reports between April 6, 1975 and September 23, 1977.
During that same time period, the Logan County Sheriffs office in
northeastern Colorado had over a hundred mutilation reports in its
files. But many mutilations are not reported because ranchers are
either afraid of, or don’t want, public attention.


The map below shows that animal mutilations have been reported
since at least 1967 in every American state and Canadian province. The
mutilations have persisted into the 21st Century around the world.


Beyond Canada and the United States, mutilated animals have
been reported in Mexico, Panama, Puerto Rico, throughout Central
and South America, especially Argentina, parts of Europe, the Canary
Islands, Japan and Australia. There have been occasional rumors
about animal mutilations in China, Russia and Africa, but without
substantive evidence.
Beginning in 2002, there has been an ongoing wave of animal
mutilations in Argentina, where veterinarians have confirmed high
heat at the bloodless excisions of so many cases that some estimates of
total deaths reached 3,000 by 2007.


In his 1980 Stigmata issue Number 10, Tom Adams summarized
some of the international reports. One example was a 1975 case in
which a mutilated cow was found dying on a farm near Santa Victoria
in southern Brazil. “Its udder was gone and the veins near the udder
had been removed, all with perfect surgery. This occurred within one
hundred meters (328 feet) of the farmhouse, but no noise was heard
and the dogs did not bark. There was no blood on the ground nor
near the animal.”
Another Brazilian account appeared in the 1980 issue of the
French journal Ouranos. Sixty-six-year old cattle rancher Pedro Trajano
Machado was working in a corral with his son, Euripides, 23. The men
were separating a month-old-calf from its mother to care for the cow.
While the men were concentrating on the mother, they heard the calf
bawl. The men were shocked to see the animal suspended about three
feet in the air as if standing on an invisible structure. Still bawling, the calf moved through the air parallel to the ground toward the fields.
Then the calf rose vertically, stopped crying and “suddenly disappeared 
as if behind a curtain.”

Then the calf rose vertically,
stopped crying and “suddenly disappeared
as if behind a curtain.”

Ouranos also reported that in the Spanish possessions called the
Canary Islands off the northwest coast of Africa, many people watched
a “brilliant, ascending light” around 8 p.m. on March 5, 1979. The
light was described as “cylindrical”, “pyramid-shaped”, or “cupshaped” 
and left a discernible “V-shaped wake” as it moved. Shortly
thereafter, in the first week of May on the island of Tenerife, there
were strange dog mutilations near the small town of Taco.
“Six trained, ferocious German Shepherd guard dogs were enclosed 
on the ground of a factory.” One of the dogs was found dead
on the morning of May 1, and another the morning of May 3, both
outside their enclosure. ‘There were no tracks, no evidence of struggle
and no sign of bleeding. However, each dog had a hole in its chest
through which it was thought the heart and lungs had been removed.”
A few days later near Taco, the carcasses of two goats were discovered 
beheaded and drained of blood.


Sunday  Times,  Perth,  Australia,  July  15,1984 
Cover-up alleged over UFO-linked animal  slaughter 
ADELAIDE:  Farmers  in  the  Adelaide  Hills  have  discovered  mutilated  animal corpses  and  burn  marks  on  the  ground  which  UFO  researchers  claim  indicates alien  spacecraft  have  landed  in  the  area. 
'Many  reports  of  UFOs  and strange  lights  in  the  sky’. 
The  latest  claims  follow rumors  of  dozens  of  sightings  of  UFOs  in  the  rural areas  of  Mt  Barker  and  Mt Sterling,  about  20km  south of  Adelaide. UFO  researchers  claim  the  bizarre  killings  have  been  covered up  by  the  military  in  a  bid  to quash  a  UFO  scare  in  the  area. In  one  incident,  researchers say,  a  farmer  discovered  four cows  with  holes  drilled  into  their skulls  and  the  brains  removed. According  to  the  reports,  farmers  have  been  warned  to  "keep quiet". 
Hushed  up 
Other  discoveries,  researchers say.  include  egg-shaped  "pod" marks  near  the  property.  These indicate  a  craft  had  landed,  they claim. Rocks  in  the  pod  holes  were crushed,  tree  tops  burnt  and  dozens  of  birds  found  dead  nearby. Police  in  both  areas  said  they had  not  been  told  about  the  animal  mutilations,  but  many people  in  the  area  had  reported seeing  UFOs  and  strange  lights in  the  sky. Adelaide  UFO  researcher,  Mr Colin  Norris,  said  he  had  been told  to  "drop  off"  after  making inquiries  into  the  sightings. Mr  Norris,  a  director  of  the Australian  International  UFO Research  Society,  said:  “The area  where  the  bodies  of  the cows  were  found  is  often  used  by the  army  and  is  closed  off. “I  have  been  told  they  asked the  farmer  to  remain  quiet about  the  animals  and  that  they would  cover  the  whole  thing  up. "If  it  is  all  true  -  and  I  have  no reason  to  doubt  it  is  not  -  then  it must  be  checked  out  because  it tallies  with  similar  incidents which  have  happened  all  over the  world. "Most  of  these  kinds  of  incidents  are  hushed  up  in  one  way or  another." Mr  Norris  said  the  pod  marks and  the  burnt  tree  tops  indicated  a  craft  had  landed  in  the area  -  but  the  discovery  of  the dead  animals  suggested  "extraterrestrials"  had  left  their  ship. He  said:  “These  beings  would have  to  have  left  the  craft  to  get at  the  animals. 
Spacecraft 
"There  was  a  similar  report  in the  United  States  a  few  years ago  where  a  farmer  tied  a  calf  to a  tree  by  the  leg. "He  returned  to  the  calf  sometime  later  and  claims  it  was being  pulled  into  a  spacecraft. He  cut  the  rope  around  its  leg because  it  was  squealing  in  pain. "Later  he  told  UFO  investigators  he  discovered  the  skin  of  the animal  -  minus  its  carcass, “And  there  have  been  dozens of  similar  incidents  of  animal mutilations  reported  across  the world." 


Norfolk Daily News, Norfolk, Nebraska, September 30, 1988
Ranchers shaking their heads over mysterious cow deaths
By GREG WEES
News Regional Editor
The Holt County Sheriff’s Department 
has investigated the death of a
cow that a Chambers rancher says
was mutilated with surgical precision.
Another mutilation was reported
about the same time in a pasture
more than 50 miles away near Spalding 
in Greeley County.
Deputy Sheriff Alan Rowse of
O’Neill said he considered the death
of the cow near Chambers as suspicious 
in nature.
“It was the way the skin was cut
around the mouth and jaw. That was
the main thing”, Rowse said Thursday. 
“All four of the teats were removed 
and the female organs.”
The animal had been dead for several 
days, Rowse said, and “it’s hard
to tell if animals did that. ”
The rancher, who asked that his
name not be used, said he didn’t think
predators were responsible.
“If you had seen the surgery - it’s
fantastic”, the rancher said Thursday 
by telephone. “It’s so smooth
that it would make a doctor envious.”
He said the 8-year-old cow’s lips,
muzzle and tongue were cut away.
Asked if there was a possibility that
predators were responsible, he said,
“Absolutely no chance. It was done
so smooth.”
The rancher said he has talked with
a dozen ranchers who have lost cattle
under similar circumstances in the
last eight years.
He said the lack of tracks leads him
to believe that a helicopter was used
to fly in. Why someone would want to
mutilate a cow, however, is a mystery, 
he said.
The rancher said he found the
animal Sept. 16 in a pasture east of
Chambers and estimated it had been
killed the night of Sept. 13.
A rancher west of Spalding also
said he found a dead cow Sept. 16 that
appeared to be mutilated.
The Spalding rancher, who asked
that his name not be used, said an
almost perfectly round 13-inch hole
was cut through the front of the animal’
s chest and the rear end of the
animal was removed.
The cow’s heart was gone, he said.
“I don’t see how a predator can cut
a 13-inch hole and the hide is completely 
gone”, the rancher said.
He said he did not report the death
to county authorities but had a veterinarian 
look at the remains.
Both cows, which lay where they
were found, lacked any traces of
blood around them, the two ranchers
said.




=====================================================================
Chapter 6. A One-Way Harvest


Texarkana Gazette, Texarkana, February 27, 1984
Bovine beasts, humans share ‘perfect match’ chromosomes


People often ask me if any human mutilations have been re-
ported. There have been stories such as Bill English’s outline of the
Grudge No. 13 report in Chapter 4 and other Grudge information
cited in Chapter 8. But I have yet to see convincing photographs or
autopsy reports. What does parallel the animal mutilation stories on
the human side, however, are thousands of human abduction cases
in the United States and other countries of the world. As in the case
of Judy Doraty and her daughter Cindy, people are not killed like
the animals, but biological tissues are reportedly taken, including
ova and sperm. New York City artist Budd Hopkins wrote books on
the abduction syndrome: Missing Time © 1981 and Intruders © 1987.
This is the common abduction pattern: a person or small group
sees a strange light. Next, they realize time is missing which cannot
be explained. Often there is disorientation and confusion. Sometimes
those people have red marks, cuts or needle punctures on their bodies. 
Later, they are haunted by disturbing dreams about lights, a craft
and non-human beings, most commonly described as 3 1/2 to 4 1/2
feet tall, grey-skinned entities with large, slanted, black eyes and long
hands with four thin fingers ending in dark, pointed nails.
By 2014, that small size and type was more often classified as biological 
androids created to do work on Earth for other controlling extraterrestrial biological entities that some government whistleblowers say has
interacted with, terraformed and manipulated genes on this planet for
thousands of years.
People sometimes seek help to find out what happened in their
lost hours with the non-humans. Under hypnosis, people commonly
describe a physical examination by grey-skinned or other types of beings 
in a room filled with bright, white light. Male abductees say their
sperm is taken with equipment; or sometimes by an odd-looking seemingly 
organic female in a sex act; or by a simulated female projection
in a 3-D holographic illusion. Human females have described vaginal
probing and a needle procedure in the belly similar to amniocentesis.
Small scoops of flesh are often removed from legs, hips, backs
or other body parts, which leave smooth, crater-like depressions in
the skin. Sometimes abductee skin is marked by geometric red marks
such as triangles, squares and circular patterns that provoke abductees 
to wonder if they have been “separated from the human herd and
branded?”
One speculation is that the ETs are harvesting deoxyribonucleic
acid (DNA) to create biological clones, androids, hybrids, or something 
unimaginable. DNA is an essential component of living matter 
and a basic material in the chromosomes of the cell nucleus. It
transmits the hereditary pattern of life forms. It is a fact that the arrangement 
of cow genes is quite similar to the arrangement of human
genes. In February 1984, Dr. James Womack at Texas A &M University
reported in the journal, Genetic Maps, that big chunks of cattle chromosomes 
are identical to large sections of human chromosomes. That
means that groups of cow genes and human genes fall in the same
sequence on some chromosomes. Humans carry twenty-three pairs
of chromosomes that contain all hereditary factors, while cows have
thirty pairs.
“We must have more in common (with cows) than previously believed”,
said Dr. Womack. But to make a human body container from cow genes?
In April 2003, the human genome was finally identified as some
3 billion base pairs. But even then, no one yet can bring that human
gene ‘sentence’ to life.
It was also reported in 1986 by Dr. Mario Feola at Texas Tech
University that cow hemoglobin can be used in an emergency
transfusion for humans because it so closely matches hemoglobin
in human blood.
I and others have wondered if the alien life forms involved in
animal mutilations and human abductions are so advanced that they
can give life to cloned or hybridized humans derived from DNA
patterns found on Earth? Are alien motives benign or symbiotic? Or
insidious? Could we be experiencing a sophisticated invasion from within?
Neanderthals did not know they would be replaced by Homo sapiens sapiens.
In Missing Time, Budd Hopkins reported that several female
abductees have described the unexplained loss of pregnancies. Later
on, some women report they are again abducted and shown a small,
thin “child”, which they relate to as an alien-human half-breed product 
of their lost pregnancy - otherwise known as E. T. hybrids.


Texarkana Gazette, Texarkana, February 27,1984
Bovine beasts, humans share ‘perfect match’ chromosomes
DALLAS (UPI) - A scientist has discovered 
that humans share many of their
innermost genetic secrets, represented
by “perfect match” chromosomes, with
another mammal - cows.
The discovery means scientists can use
cows instead of mice in experimental research 
in the study of some genetic disorders, 
including mental retardation and
dwarfism, said James Womack, a Texas
A&M animal geneticist
“We’re pretty excited about what this
means”, he said, “both for agriculture
and human research.
“The discovery was unexpected and
just developed in recent months”, he told
United Press International.
Womack said he has discussed his preliminary 
findings, soon to be published
in the national journal of “Genetic
Maps”, with medical experts.
“The reaction has been very encouraging”, 
he said. Until now, researchers
could compare human chromosomes -
the carriers of genes, the basic units of
heredity - only with those of laboratory
mice, which are dissimilar from humans
but genetically understood.
“Gene maps” also exist for cats and
monkeys, he said, but they do not have
chromosome groupings comparable to
those found in cattle.
“Right now”, Womack said, “human
geneticists have to rely totally on the
mouse as a comparable genetic organism. 
This process will expand the repertoire 
of mammals in which gene mapping
data is available.
“We think the potential is obvious for
human medical research.”
Womack’s research revealed that cattle
carry a “perfect match” of portions of the
important 21st chromosome pair in
humans, a strand known to carry the
characteristics of Mongolism or Down’s
Syndrome, a congenital disease associated 
with human mental retardation.
In addition, large fragments of four
other chromosome pairs were matched.
“What we’re already finding are big
chunks of cattle chromosomes identical
to large regions of human chromosomes”,
he said. “These are big blocks of homologous 
material, perfect matches. The
genes fall in the same sequence.”
“We must have more in common than
previously believed”, he said.
Humans carry 23 pairs of chromosomes, 
which contain all hereditary factors. 
Cows have 30 pairs.
Reprinted urith. permission of United Press International, copyright 1989.


A human abduction case that occurred May 5, 1980, near
Cimarron, New Mexico, first made me wonder whether E.T.s might
be using creatures from Earth to create cloned humans and other
life forms.
Leo Sprinkle, Ph.D., was contacted on May 6, 1980, by the Aerial
Phenomena Research Organization (APRO) to do hypnosis with a
mother and her young son abducted near Cimarron. A bizarre and
disturbing story was revealed about the mutilation of a cow, a large,
glowing craft and an underground laboratory between Las Cruces
and Roswell, New Mexico. There, the mother said, she was subjected
to a vaginal probe with a cold, metal object. She also saw a humanoid
body floating in a tank of dark red liquid filled with large organs she
thought were from animals.
The abduction occurred at night on a road near Cimarron in
the ranchlands of northeastern New Mexico. The mother and boy
were on their way home and were expected to arrive around 9 p.m.
on May 5, 1980. They were four hours late - four hours of missing
time in which events took place that traumatized them.
The following excerpts are from Leo Sprinkle’s handwritten
hypnosis transcripts. (See complete transcript in Appendix 13.) The
events began when the car was filled with a blinding white light.

Mother:	God! The brightest, whitest light I’ve ever seen. How can
it fly like that? What is it? It’s incredible. This is real.
Oh, I’m scared! How can they be doing that? Killing
that cow!
It’s not even dead. It’s alive!
Sprinkle:	You see the cow?
Mother:	It’s not even dead, but they’re pulling it apart. Ugh!
They ’re taking us with the cow. And my son. But I’m
going in one ship and they ’re taking my son toward the
other one.
...I don’t know where they put the cow. Oh!
(Anguish.) It was alive and they were doing it. I think
it was knives. (Shudders.)

Later, after one of the hypnosis sessions, the woman described
seeing a long (18" by 1/2" wide) silver, tapered knife. She said that
the aliens plunged the instrument six inches into the chest of the
cow. Then they worked on the sex organs while the cow was still
alive and struggling. The woman said the aliens cut with a circular
motion.
Inside one of the craft, the mother fought unsuccessfully to
keep her clothes on. She was put on a large table where a cold, metal
object was inserted into her vagina. She screamed and swore angrily
at the creatures about their violation of her body. She begged to
have her son returned to her.

Mother:	...	I	can	see	their	faces	and huge eyes, fill more than
one-half the face. Like empty holes. There’s something
horrible, something I’m blocking out. ... They weren’t all
alike. Some were more repulsive. ... Some have evil eyes,
no pupils, nothing in their eyes ... like black holes. ...
Reddish, like the Devil, a color I was freaked by.
The one holding my arms doesn’t seem to like the others.
Long slanted eyes. I don’t remember a nose. I’m screaming,
‘I want my baby!’ Oh God, they just don’t care.
They put something up inside me. It’s cold. It metal. It’s
uncomfortable. ... Now they ’re poking me all over sharp,
but not so painful that I’m crying, just uncomfortable.
‘Take that thing out of me!’
... Oh! Here’s one dressed in white. Very brisk! Long
fingers, real long fingers. By God! (This one is) kind
of greenish, too. ... Not like grass, but light, almost
jaundiced (yellowish). ... His head was round; he had
no hair. ... Bony. Skinny. Almost skeletal. One in white,
big eyes, cheekbone, chin. I don’t remember a nose and
mouth. ... Three men in white, they ’re strange looking.
Thin, austere, dressed in white robes.
They tell me they ’re sorry. They use that word, too. They
apologize, ‘Those things happen; it’s unfortunate. The
young one is all right. ’
Then they ask me to understand that it was necessary.
They must continue. ‘It’s necessary what we do. ’ That’s
the last thing I remember them telling me.
The woman is then taken to where she sees other creatures.
Mother:	...	All kinds of sizes of people, different uniforms with
patches on the left. A core of activity ...a couple of people
pass us with ruffled collars. (See ruffled collars in
Colorado abduction case to follow.)
Long robes don’t seem utilitarian or efficient. There was
a Franciscan monk’s collar. Belt, military type boots,
patch on left chest with three lines and a line across the
bottom. (See alien symbols in Chapter 8.)
Some seemed to be “mindless robots”. Some were literally “pea
green”, like the “color of mesquite trees in the spring”, as the Waco,
Texas, rancher described in 1980. Some creatures were short, whiteskinned 
entities with very large black-eyes, which she did not like
and called “monstrous.” Others were the tall (above six feet) type
which were very pale and appeared jaundiced. The mother perceived 
the tall ones to be more human-like and ‘in control of the others.’
(Author’s emphasis.)
She tried to run away and found herself cowering in a dimly
lighted room that had a “sickly sweet smell” and a vat of liquid.
Mother:	Now I’m looking down at pools of water. Something is
horrifying me.
Sprinkle:	Focus on the pools.
Mother:	I can’t see what it is. Not	sure. Seems to	be	 body parts.
(Breathes quickly.)
Sprinkle:	Body parts?
Mother:	Oh, yeah!
Sprinkle:	What do you see?
Mother:	Top of a bald head. Light	is dim.	 I think I see	an	arm
with the hand - human! Other... (gasping) ... something
red and bloody looking. Oh, God! I’m so scared at seeing
this. Ah! Tongues, huge; they look real big. They ’re under
liquid, real dark ... this is so weird. All kinds of things in
that tank ... hearts, body parts, but not all cow. I look at
the top of a bald head, maybe one of theirs.
Later, in conscious discussion with Dr. Sprinkle, she said she had
the impression that whatever she saw was some type of “treatment or
experiment.” She and her son both felt the creatures were trying to
influence “mind control” over Earth humans. They both referred
to “Earth’s plight” without being able to articulate the nature of the
plight.
The mother continued with a revelation.

Mother:	You	know	something? They don’t like us. They are
something monstrous to me now. I feel like I’ve been in
Auschwitz.

However, she did sense that some of the aliens were kinder.
There were differences between them, although she did not know
why. After release from the craft, the mother became seriously ill
with a vaginal infection. The doctor who treated her told me he was
never able to identify a specific bacteria or other source of infection.
He said he thought she survived because he gave her massive doses
of gamma globulin to boost her immune system.
The Cimarron case implies that either there are several different 
alien life forms working together toward some enigmatic common 
goal or that one alien intelligence has several other biological
entities, clones, hybrids or other species working for it. This abduction 
indicates that huge craft are involved and so are underground
bases on Earth where animal parts are processed, perhaps to produce
humanoid androids? Or to feed upon, as suggested in Chapter 8? But
why are they intruding on this planet? Is the harvest of Earth life
a recent event? Or has the Earth been subjected to alien harvests
for thousands of years as suggested by government information in
Chapters 7 and 8?

In another abduction case I studied with social scientist and
UFO researcher, Richard Sigismund, in Boulder, Colorado, grey beings 
that wore robes with ruffled collars enraged a woman by subjecting 
her to a vaginal exam similar to the Cimarron case. The beings
also took out and examined her husband’s memory.
The couple was driving north of Denver near Longmont the
week before Thanksgiving in 1980, seven months after the Cimarron
abduction. At the time, the man was a commercial artist. He had
previously worked as an Air Force launch control officer at missile
sites. Suddenly, he said a “cerulean blue light” [CMYK 100,26,0,35]
surrounded them and they lost about an hour of time.
Under hypnosis, the wife described how they were picked up in
the car by the light beam and transported to a grove of trees. Not far
away was a craft resting on angled struts. A hairless, tall “man” in a
blue robe with high collar beckoned them toward him. The couple
felt overwhelmingly drawn to this being.
Once inside the craft, the couple was separated. Each had different 
examinations. The woman did not know she was about a month
pregnant at the time.
Wife:	There’s some silver things going over me ... like little
creepy fingers. (Said with angry disgust.)
Sigismund:	Can you see the silver things? Or feel them?
Wife:	I just want it to get its creepy hand off me. (Said with
increasingly disgusted anger.)
Sigismund:	What’s it doing?
Wife:	Touching my breasts.
Sigismund:	Tell me about it. Talk about it. What do you feel?
Wife:	I can’t decide if it’s inspecting me ... or (very heavy
breathing, agitated.) ‘Look, buster, down here we ask
first!’ (She said this loudly and angrily.)
I can’t see any faces. I just feel it’s creepy.
Sigismund:	How did you get the mark on your stomach?
(Referring to a rectangular red patch “sun
burned” on her lower abdomen after the
abduction.)
Wife:	Something they put up me when they were examining me.
(Vaginal insertion.) ... They had some things up me
and some things on me.
Sigismund:	Who are they?
Wife:	I don’t see them. I can’t hear noises. I just get an impression 
of being exceedingly angry at people invading
my body without my permission. You know, I mean
there was something more like I felt that I was invited
here and now this is what you ’re doing and you didn’t
even ask! The country where I come from you ask first!
(Under hypnosis, she laughs angrily.)
Sigismund:	You had the distinct impression they invited you?
Wife:	Yeah, he (the guy in blue cape)* ... I almost felt
tricked - I felt angry at being tricked or something.
Under deep hypnosis, the husband used charcoal and pastels to
draw the craft he and his wife had entered, drew the “man” in blue
cape that beckoned them and drew the entity who examined him.
Like his wife, the husband was attracted to the being in blue, but felt
hostility toward the creature in a gold-yellow robe* with a ruffled
collar,* who did the examination. He called that entity a “creep”.
During the man’s examination, he smelled an odor he associated
with missile sites. Then the being removed the husband’s memory.
At that point in the hypnosis, the husband’s voice became very soft
and slow.
Husband:	Somebody’s talking, but... it’s like they’re picking my
mind ... like I don’t have any control. My brain, it’s like
there’s a tunnel that goes through my mind to theirs. My
head is gone ... or going. Almost like a shaft through my
head, something with my brain to his. I don’t know if it
goes to him, connects it somehow. Our minds are connected. 
It’s like a tube, maybe it’s light? It’s like a grey
light, grey-brown light, brownish-grey. It ’s like everything’
s pulled out of my head.

* See ET beings in robes and ruffled collars in Cimarron case, Appendix 13.
Sigismund:	Everything’s pulled out of your head?
Husband:	Yeah ... it’s like a waterfall and everything is gone.
There’s a terrible sound, but I can’t tell what	it is -
only it’s piercing, high-pitched.
Sigismund:	Can you tell where it’s coming from?
Husband:	It’s coming from my head! My head is gone ...	it’s like I
can see all my thoughts, like goo. Everything in my mind
is stripped. I’ve got it, but they’ve got it, too. Got the whole
thing. They’ve just pulled everything right out of me!
The man stopped talking for several minutes. Sigismund tried
to make him go forward in time, but he remained silent with his
chin on his chest. Finally, he began to speak in a whisper saying his
mind was being put back. He was startled and amazed that information 
had been added.
Husband:	There’s	more to it than anybody knows. There’s more to
life, more to the world. There’s more to everything than
anybody knows. More dimensions, things co-existing.
There are other dimensions ... more than three dimensions. 
Everywhere, it all works together. Everything
coexists. There’s different dimensions we can’t go into.
After separate hypnosis sessions with the couple, Sigismund
brought them together to look at the drawings and discuss what they
consciously remembered.
Wife:	I	know	I	have	extreme distrust feelings about them. And
then my mind will start to sway, ‘No, they didn’t mean
anything bad at all.’ In fact, they tried to make me feel
good.
I had a dream a couple of nights after the hypnosis session 
when it was so vivid and strange. I dreamed I had
a confrontation with the guy in blue. He came to that
room and I wanted to jump to my feet and scratch his
face. And he kind of jerked back. And then I didn’t.
He perceived my anger and said, ‘We didn’t mean to
hurt you ’... something like it was for a good purpose.
And I said, ‘Nobody asked me. ’ And something about the
end doesn’t necessarily justify the means. The man said,
‘Perhaps. ’ But he talked to me as if I were a child.
The woman felt violated and raped. Her anger was very real. But
when her boy was born two months premature after she suffered
severe illness contracted soon after the abduction, he was physically
and mentally OK. Her doctors were surprised. At the time of her
illness, they had even suggested abortion. The doctors were certain
the drugs and fever would cause brain damage in the baby. But the
couple was Catholic and said no.
The husband reported later that when his son was age six, his
I.Q. was over 170.
Richard Sigismund put the man under deep hypnosis on July 5,
1984, to see what he could remember about the creatures and craft.
First, he was asked to draw the being in the blue cape. As he drew,
he answered questions.
Husband:	He’s looking at us, telling us to come in. He’s the leader.
The leader is in a blue cape. It’s stupid. It’s illogical.
Cape is illogical. He doesn’t need a cape. (Says disgustedly.) 
Not like that. It’s illogical. He doesn’t talk with
his mouth. He talks with his mind.
Sigismund:	Can you hear what he says?
Husband:	It isn’t that it’s words. It’s feelings like: ‘Don’t worry.
Don’t be afraid. Don’t worry about this. ’ He wants to
know, they want to know about people.
There’s a bunch of them around us. Some hanging
around a control box thing of some sort. There are controls 
all over the place. It stinks. Smells like a lousy LCT.
(Nuclear missiles Launch Control Tower.)
They take my wife off I don’t want her to go. I really
get mad. An adrenaline rush. (He is very agitated.)
I’m going to kill him! Then the other guy zaps me, puts
me down ... little gadgets reach out and grab me. That’s
that. There’s no way you ’re going to fight your way out
of that one.
That one little creep is over here ... in the shadow of the
doorway where leader is standing. This one here is hiding. 
He’s dressed in a kind of gold. Stupid capes. ”

Some government agents confidentially have told me the
husband’s pastel drawing of the being with the pear-shaped head
wearing the yellow-gold collar is an EBEN, an acronym for a specific
type of grey-skinned Extraterrestrial Biological Entity that is a prime
intelligence. The EBENs have allegedly cloned and hybridized other
Grey types such as small Grey worker bee androids. Other cloned
“Big Nose Grey Archquloids” are described in an alleged briefing
by CIA, NSA, DIA and MJ-12 for President Ronald Reagan in Camp
David on March 6-8, 1981. See pages 145 and 156. The U. S. government 
allegedy made a treaty with the EBENs in the late 1940s.
In exchange for EBEN technology, the U.S. granted permission 
for the EBENs to mutilate animals for genetic material and to
abduct a small number of humans for medical research. The EBENs
were also allegedly given underground territories such as “Four
Corners” at Area 51, Nevada, in which to live, work and create hybrids.


Pastel drawing of  the being in  blue who beckoned the couple into an  egg-shaped craft setting on  angled struts in  November  1980. Sketched by  the husband,  a commercial artist, under deep hypnosis on  July  5,1984, in  Boulder, Colorado. 'Hypnosis by  UFO researcher, Richard Sigismund. Overlap of  drawings to  protect the couple’s identity at  their request. Photographs  ©  1984 by Linda Moulton Howe. 


Since the husband thought the yellow-collared being was  a “creep,”  it’s possible the taller being in  the blue robe was  3-D hologram technology or  a mind manipulation trick to  deceive the couple and cause them to  be  “overwhelmingly drawn”  to that blue-robed entity. Pastel drawing of EBEN type of  extraterrestrial by  commercial artist husband. Pear-shaped head and ridged, flat nose is  different from the Big Nose Greys with vertical slit pupils described in  Chapter  7, pages  143  and  145. Allegedly the EBENs genetically created Big Nose Grey Archquloids with  “rapid cycle cloning.  ” When the husband saw his own completed drawing for the first time after the hypnosis sessions ended, he  immediately said, “That’s not right. They were grey!  The paper is  grey. It  looks like  I made him flesh colored to  contrast with the grey paper. “They aren’t logical. The leader  (in blue)  is bigger than the other  (in gold).  ”


The husband also said his drawing of  the face wasn’t bony enough, was too fleshy compared to  the way the aliens actually looked. The husband was disturbed by  the similarity between the charismatic being in  blue, who greeted them at  the door of  the craft, and the creature in  yellow-gold ruffled collar he  did not like. When Sigismund showed the husband  a charcoal drawing the husband had done in  1981, the man said, “That’s one of  these guys. That’s like this guy.  (“Creep”  in gold.)  They got big heads. They aren’t like we  are.  ” 


On July  9,  1984, the man drew  a pastel sketch of  the EBEN craft on  angled struts that he  and his wife had been taken into. Sigismund asked him to  explain the strange  “struts”  supporting the craft. “They  ’re just armatures that come out. Can’t see how they  ’re attached, but they come out. They’re like this  (and he  drew the separate angles in  the lower left of  the picture). They probably fold down,  I imagine. Come down and hold the ship up.  ” 


At the conclusion of the separate hypnosis sessions, Sigismund
brought the husband and wife together to discuss the drawings and
their conscious memories. Both were alarmed about one shared
memory. Each remembered warnings from the alien beings about a
catastrophic event in the couple’s lifetime that would destroy much
of the Earth’s population. But the man said he understood that
some humans would be removed to safety and then be returned
later to Earth to start human life over. Those people would retain
their knowledge about the technology and culture that existed prior
to the cataclysm.
Is this information shared with abductees because it relates to
the aliens’ involvement with humans? Or are these ET warnings a
test and manipulation of human anxieties for unknown motives?
Are alien beings taking minds, tissues and fluids from animals
and humans to keep making clones and hybrids for life above and
below ground on Earth? Why are people rendered unconscious and
treated like laboratory animals?
From the human point of view, it’s a one-way trade route. What
is taken is not paid for. And what’s left behind is fear, anger, dead
animals and traumatized people.
Is it, from the alien point of view, an issue of their survival at our
expense? Or a grand experiment in which we are the microbes under 
their microscope lens? The aliens’ disregard for human free will
and emotion is one of their most disturbing aspects. That disregard
also troubled abduction researcher Budd Hopkins. He concluded
a September 1987 paper entitled “Ethical Implications of the UFO
Abduction Phenomenon” with these words:

“Either the UFO occupants have not grasped the psychological
toll they are taking in these abductions and genetic experiments
because they really do not understand human psychology, ...or
... they must be viewed as a callous, indifferent, amoral race bent
solely upon gratifying its own scientific needs at whatever the
cost to us, the victims. The question of which alternative is true
cannot be presently answered. There is evidence to support both
interpretations, but I, for one, wish to choose the former. ”


Regardless of the ultimate truth, thousands of bizarre, bloodless
animal mutilations have happened for a long time and continue.
Thousands of people worldwide describe close encounters with alien
craft and beings. Perhaps straightforward proof of their existence is
something the alien entities do not want humans to have - yet. If we
understood the whole story of genetic harvests, cloning and hybrids,
we might realize Earth has been Someone Else’s genetic pharmacy
and there is no guarantee that Homo sapiens sapiens will survive.
Computer scientist Jacques Vallee said in his 1988 book
Dimensions, “We are dealing with a control system”, and he discussed
the behavior modification research of psychologist B.F. Skinner.
“Certain ways of reinforcing behavior lead to better learning
than others. If the training is too even and monotonous, the subject
may stop in its development or even return to an earlier state. The best
schedule of reinforcement is one that combines periodicity and unpredictability.
(Vallee’s emphasis.) Learning is then slow, but continuous. It leads to
the highest level of adaptation.”
But adaptation to what exactly? The pattern of UFO activity
since the 1940s has been one of periodic “flaps” that occur unpre-
dictably. The mutilation phenomenon has also occurred in cycles
with unpredictable variations in the bloodless cuts and physical condition 
of the animals that have baffled investigators. Are the aliens
trying to convince us in a theatrical and symbolic drama that another
life form is here and is capable of technological feats beyond human
comprehension? Is it their goal to cause fear and confusion in order
to control human thought and behavior?
Vallee concluded that UFOs are “... a system that acts on humans
and uses humans.” Whatever the “system” is, it manipulates Earth
life physically, psychologically and spiritually.

The manipulation and use of humans by alien entities was also
the subject of mysterious telephone calls to Bob Girard, owner of
Arcturus Books in the 1980s. For eighteen months from 1981 to
August 1982, Bob received calls from a deep-voiced man who explained 
that another intelligence is using and manipulating this planet
for its own needs. The man was evasive about who he was.
But according to Girard, he spoke “perfectly, with precision. In
all those months, I think he only cleared his throat once.”
The essence of those conversations was first published in Pursuit
Magazine, issue No. 62, 2nd Quarter, 1983, and later in an August
1985 publication by Girard called “The Cosmic Sheepdog”.
Under the title “Control of the Human Life Cycle for Alien
Purposes” are these words beginning with an analogy from human
culture.

“...One of the most readily understandable examples is human
control of the entire life cycle of the Earth’s cattle. In a way, we do
our best to keep those cattle in a cattle-ish state; we may attempt
to improve breeds of cattle or their yields, but we never attempt to
assist cattle to evolve upwards. We never teach them more than we
need to get them to obey our needs. We provide them with food or
maintain places in which they can do their own foraging. We keep
them healthy and sheltered in bad weather. In short, we provide
them with more luxuries than they might otherwise encounter in
the wild state.
One can understand then that over the centuries and millennia,
cattle have become hypnotized to a certain extent. They understand
that as things go, they are well off. They tolerate the strange, two-
legged beings who make so many different sounds and who possess 
such bewildering technological equipment - for such beings
are the ones who provide them with so many comforts and such
ample meals. Right up to the end, they have no reason to suspect
the treachery that suddenly awaits them as they huddle in the
cramped pens of the slaughterhouse.
Extrapolating toward the macro-cosmic, it is quite possible,
perhaps inevitable, that the entire human life cycle is subordinated 
to the needs of an unperceived macrospecies. ...We may fill
some emotional or psychological need, maybe as pets or someone’s
ant farm. We may be a planet-sized laboratory colony in which
our behavior and reactions to various stimuli are being studied.
We could be a proving ground for biological or medical experiments
in much the way we breed and maintain mice so that we can test
the effects of chemicals or drugs before endangering ourselves by
using them. In any case, we are kept ‘human’.
Whether its intentions are ‘good’ or ‘evil’ (as imperfectly as
we understand those terms) is irrelevant for now, just as it is
irrelevant to question human motives for controlling various
other life forms. We need them under present circumstances. It is
likely the same for the species/universe which exercises control over
humanity. ”

John Keel often wrote* about a controlling intelligence in human 
affairs, as he did in this excerpt from a 1982 magazine article,
“The Endless Procession”: **

“Our studies of the UFO percipients and contactees are teaching
us that these encounters are more hallucinatory than real, that some
complex hypnotic process is involved, and that the real phenomenon
is hiding behind a carefully engineered smoke screen of propaganda.
Those funny lights and their hypnotic waves of energy are part
of something that is related to this planet, and to us. But that
something may be far beyond our meager powers of comprehension.
There are forces that can distort our reality and warp our fields of
space and time. When we are caught in these forces, we struggle to
find an acceptable explanation for them, and then the manifestations 
begin to conform to that explanation and so reinforce it...
The ancient gods, and their successors, the god-kings, lied to
us and manipulated us and there’s no indication that the tactics
of the modern Ufonauts are any different.”

* See Bibliography for list of books by John Keel.
** Source: “The Endless Procession”, by John A. Keel, Pursuit Magazine, Third Quarter, 1982.

Keel suggested that “if we are biochemical robots helplessly
controlled by forces that can scramble our brains, destroy our
memories and use us in any way they see fit”, then perhaps Something
is also trying to wake humans up to see that we are pawns on a big
chessboard.
But even then, can we understand the rules of the game? Can we
see and define the players?
Bob Girard hypothesizes that we cannot because the alien intelligence 
is an “octave” above the human dimension.
Bob uses the analogy of notes on a scale to relate different
consciousnesses within any given octave. Mankind, Bob believes, is
the only species in an octave above plants and animals. Above humans, 
Bob proposes that there is at least one or more other octaves
of intelligence.*
* Source: Elements of the Equation, by Robert C. Girard, September 1988.

“If animals have the ‘advantage’ of at least being able to
perceive a human presence in their midst, we humans have no
such advantage in dealing with beings in a higher octave. The
only clues we have at all about the existence of higher life come
from those events that we humans refer to as phenomena. If an
event involving some kind of non-human being occurs, and if
violations of our known physical ‘laws’ occur during that incident, 
then we are most likely dealing with life originating in an
octave higher than our own.
“As we humans possess the ability to dominate and control
lower forms from our octave - and as those lower species have
neither the awareness nor the ability to offer more than a brief
physical resistance against us - so are life forms from the next
higher octave able to dominate and control humans, without our
being aware of their purpose or having the ability to offer any
effective resistance against them. ”
Octaves might also be interpreted as other dimensions. The
grey creatures in Chapter 6 told the commercial artist, “There are ...
more than three dimensions. Everything co-exists.”


Other-dimensional creatures are also the subject of a provocative 
book called The Cattle Mutilators. It was copyrighted in 1980 by
Manor Books, Inc., New York.* The author is credited as John J.
Dalton and his knowledge of mutilation details is impressive. So
is his description of the grey, alien creatures responsible for the
surgery. The protagonist is a medical doctor in New Mexico, who is
confronted with animal and human mutilations. In his search for
the mutilators, the doctor encounters a grey creature with “overly
long fingers”, “dull red eyes”, a “dank, acrid” odor, “mind-to-mind
communication” and the ability to float above ground. The doctor
demands to know where the creature is from.

“We occupy all space. .. .Everywhere in the universe or any
void in between. We are from a different dimension, a different
plane of existence. We have no boundaries or limits, as you have.
We are an anti-log of everything you see visually. We can travel
in any dimension and occupy the same area as say, Earth, but
not the same time or space without being observed. ...Since you
have boarded (a ball-shaped orange-white light), we’ve moved
back into our dimension. Neither the lab nor yourself is any longer
visible to humans, but we are still here. ”

The creature tells the doctor that the human and animal
mutilations serve to create a biology which can communicate
between dimensions while sustaining a 3-dimensional form in
3-dimensional space and time. The creature also claims responsibility
for engineering human life on Earth, as the EBENs told MJ12, “We
made you, we put you here, but you have to live it.”
“Being the designers of the experimental Earth colony, we
originally were never to implant our own species here. After much
study of the colony Earth, we realized we had to have our species
within the colony to gain better control over the conditions of the
experiment, to determine when it should be terminated.
* No longer publishing books.

A few people highly placed in the intelligence community know
the whole story and keep it a secret to avoid panic. Some of them
have gone mad because of it. Humans have a curious dislike of
the truth. [America’s first Secretary of Defense] James Forrestal
went out a window (on May 22, 1949) a few weeks after he was
briefed. Certain other elected officials and candidates have had to
be eliminated because they threatened to make trouble. We prefer to
maintain a stable environment until we’re ready to terminate the
experiment. ”

Since 1983, there have been increasing leaks of information and
misinformation from military and intelligence people, which say the
United States government has known about and communicated with
extraterrestrial biological entities and alien life forms since World War II.


=====================================================================
Chapter 7. Government Knowledge


TOP SECRET / MAJIC
EYES ONLY NATIONAL SECURITY INFORMATION
TOP SECRET

Three years after A Strange Harvest was broadcast, an even more
intense period of my involvement in the UFO mystery began. My investigations 
took me into the fringes of “MAJIC” intelligence, which
is MAJI -Controlled. What I learned convinced me that the U.S.
government knows a great deal about animal mutilations, human
abductions and the non-humans that interact with Earth - past,
present and future.
On March 20, 1983, I was in New York City for a meeting the
next day at Home Box Office. During the previous fall, an HBO
executive had screened my documentary A Strange Harvest and asked
me if I would submit a film proposal that went beyond the mutilation
investigation and focused primarily on evidence for extraterrestrial
interactions with our planet.
That evening I had dinner with Peter Gersten, a New York attorney 
and Director of Citizens Against UFO Secrecy (CAUS). I wanted
to include his group’s information about government cover-ups of
UFO intrusions at military bases in my HBO project. I was startled
when Peter told me he had an Air Force contact named Richard
Doty, who might be able to give me information concerning a UFO
landing at Ellsworth AFB in 1977.
CAUS had been aggressive in its efforts to obtain UFO information 
from the government. Previously, in 1977, Gersten represented 
another organization called Ground Saucer Watch to obtain
UFO-related documents from the CIA under the new Freedom of
Information Act (FOIA). A year later, the CIA told Gersten that
eighteen documents about UFOs originated with the National
Security Agency (NSA).
By 1980, CAUS filed its first lawsuits against NSA, the Defense
Intelligence Agency and the Federal Aviation Administration. NSA admitted 
it had one hundred thirty-five UFO documents. CAUS thought
the public had a right to see them. NSA claimed the documents were
correctly classified “Top Secret” for national security reasons.
The case went all the way to the Supreme Court. On March 8,
1982, the Court decided not to hear the case. National news media
carried the story under headlines such as “Court Rebuffs UFO Buffs”
and “Supreme Court Dodges UFO Document Issue.” But at least
CAUS had established clearly that in spite of earlier denials, the NSA
and CIA had many documents about UFOs.
During our March 1983 dinner in New York, Peter explained
that he had met Richard Doty on a trip to Albuquerque, New
Mexico, in January 1983. CAUS had received a document which described 
a UFO landing in Coyote Canyon at the Manzano Mountains
east of Kirtland AFB where nuclear devices are stored. A security
guard reported a disk-shaped object hovering near a building. The
guard had approached the disk with a shotgun.
In an Air Force Office of Special Investigations (AFOSI) report
about the incident on April 9,1980, Special Agent Richard C. Doty wrote,
‘The object took off in a vertical direction at a high rate of speed.” (See documents in Appendix 5.)
On January 10, 1983, Peter Gersten met Richard Doty in an
Albuquerque restaurant. Two other UFO researchers, William Moore
and San Francisco television producer, Ron Lakis, were there to learn
more about the Kirtland UFO. According to Lakis, Doty would not give
specific answers, but he gave the impression that he knew a great deal
about UFO investigations.
The next day, Peter Gersten met Richard Doty alone. The conversation 
was more frank, and Peter relayed its content in phone conversations
with Just Cause Editor Barry Greenwood. According to those phone notes
and confirmed for me by Peter Gersten, Doty explained that his involvement 
with UFOs began at Ellsworth AFB in 1977, when a craft landed.
According to one document (Appendix 6), a security guard was fired
upon by a light beam that disintegrated the gun in his hand, leaving only
minor burns. Peter and Richard Doty discussed a highly classified group
involved with gathering intelligence about alien beings called “MJ-12.”*
Doty confirmed that the U.S. government has been studying UFOs
and retrieving alien craft that U. S. radar caused to crash. Entities, alive and dead, have been retrieved at alien craft crash sites. Various agencies are involved with the research and NSA is a “prime mover” in communications with the aliens.
Doty claimed the government and ETs have made an agreement.
The aliens could conduct animal mutilations and human abductions
in exchange for teaching U.S. experts about alien advanced technologies. 
Part of the government’s deal was to provide the ETs land
for bases.** Doty indicated that the government’s contact with alien
creatures is ongoing under Project AQUARIUS. (See Appendix 9.)

* Also known as Majestic 12, Majority 12, MAJI, MAJIC,
Majesty, PI-40 and the Country Club.
** One such base identified by other military and intelligence sources is “Four Corners”
underground on the north end of Area 51, Groom Lake, Nellis AFB, near Rachel, Nevada,
83 miles northwest of Las Vegas. Another alleged E. T. base described by sources is
underground Mount Archuleta near Dulce, New Mexico.

Doty mentioned film director Steven Spielberg’s movie Close
Encounters of the Third Kind and said the pilot exchange to extraterrestrial 
planet depicted at the end of the film was close to reality.
Part of the government’s intense secrecy about the extraterrestrial
presence, Doty explained, was provoked by fear that the Soviets
might learn about the alien technology before the U.S. understood
and adapted it for its own national defense purposes. He indicated
that government “programming” of the public was occuring through
movies, television and other media to help prepare the population to
accept the ET presence. The government is concerned about public
panic, Doty said, but he emphasized to Gersten that the aliens are
benevolent.
At one point he said to Gersten, “How do you know that I’m not
here to either give you misinformation or to give you information
which is part of the programming, knowing you are going to go out
and spread it around?”
That night in New York, Gersten showed me a handwritten
informal letter received from Doty that hinted he might be able to
provide CAUS with UFO information. Peter wondered if Doty would
share more with me for the HBO documentary, especially about the
alleged UFO landing at Ellsworth AFB. Peter said he would call Doty
and ask if he would talk with me.
The next afternoon in the silver-colored Time-Life building that
rises high above Avenue of the Americas, Jean Abounader showed
me into her office. Previously with CBS, she was the new director of
the HBO documentary unit and had the difficult task of underwriting 
and broadcasting non-fiction that would entertain large general
audiences.
She and I sat with her assistant around a coffee table to discuss a
film proposal I had written called UFOS: The E. T. Factor.
“People always want to watch stories about UFOs”, I remember
Jean saying. “We have to keep UFOs in the title.”
She was enthusiastic about my proposal and asked me to sign
a development contract to deliver the story in a shooting script.
After the meeting, she took me to lunch and toasted the future
with a clink of wine glasses.
“Do you really think they’re out there?” Jean asked.
I answered, “You saw my documentary, A Strange Harvest.
Something bizarre is mucking around on this planet, but I don’t know
why. That’s what I want to find out.”
After the meeting, I took a taxi to LaGuardia Airport. The overcast 
sky and the East River merged together in a single grey. I wondered 
for the first time whether I was prepared for what was coming
next. As it turned out, I was not.
Back in Denver, I made plans to visit people and locations and
to write the script. Peter Gersten called and said Doty agreed to talk
with me and gave me a home phone number to make contact. On
the phone, Doty was cordial and said he had no problem with my
visiting him on April 9, 1983. I had already planned to join mutilation 
researchers Tom Adams and Gary Massey in Taos, New Mexico,
on April 10th to discuss their participation in the HBO documentary.
Doty said for the April 9th meeting with him, he would meet me at
the plane in Albuquerque.
Before that weekend, I wanted to talk with Robert Emenegger.
He had been an advertising executive during the Nixon administration 
when he collaborated with Los Angeles producer Allan Sandler
on a documentary film about UFOs which was broadcast nationally.*
The landing of an alien craft at Holloman AFB was portrayed in the
film as if it might have happened. I had also heard Mr. Emenegger
describe more details about that landing in a radio interview broadcast 
in Houston, Texas. (See Appendix 14.) I hoped he would agree
to an interview for the HBO project and flew to Los Angeles on
March 26, 1983, to meet Bob at his home. There also was police
officer and UFO investigator, Larry Fawcett, from Citizens Against
UFO Secrecy (CAUS). We both wanted to talk with Bob about the
Holloman landing.

* Bob Emenegger also wrote a book entitled UFOS: Past, Present and Future,
© 1974 by Sandler Institutional Films, Inc. The film was later updated and re-titled UFOS: It Has Begun. Both were produced by Allan F. Sandler
Productions, Los Angeles. The revised film included an added segment about
animal mutilations, produced and narrated by Jacques Vallee.

Bob Emenegger said his work with Allan Sandler was the first
time he encountered the UFO subject and it fascinated him. During
our conversation, Bob said that he had discussed a May 1971 UFO
landing at Holloman AFB with Robert Haldeman, Chief of Staff in
the Nixon Administration. Haldeman did not deny it, said he “had
heard there was something”, and then dropped the subject.
Bob told us that in early 1973, he and Sandler had been taken
to a California military base. Later, I learned it was Norton AFB.
At Norton, they talked with two military officials* about various
advanced research projects the government was conducting. Topics
included experiments with dogs, research with porpoises and developments 
in advanced holographic images projected with laser light
through crystals to appear as three-dimensional objects in space.
Another project concerned UFOs.
Bob said that all the government projects were presented as potential 
documentary possibilities. But with considerable understatement, 
he added, “I thought the UFOs were the most interesting.”
That, according to Bob Emenegger, is how UFOs: Past, Present and
Future began.

* Bob Emenegger said in 1988 the officials were the head of AFOSI and Paul Shartle, Chief of Requirements for the Audio-Visual program at Norton AFB.

One of the Norton AFB officials was Paul Shartle, who was Chief
of Requirements for the base’s audiovisual program in the early 1970s.
He confirmed Emenegger’s story on an October 14, 1988, nationally
syndicated television program called UFOS: Government Coverup Live.
See Page 181. Mr. Shartle said he had seen 16mm motion picture film
“of three disk-shaped craft. One of the craft landed and two of them
went away.” However, the film was described to me as showing three
egg-shaped craft in which two hovered defensively in the air above the
third landed craft. Shartle described how the one craft oscillated back
and forth as it landed on three pods. A door slid open from which a
ramp extended and three alien beings emerged.
According to Shartle, “They were human size. They had an odd,
grey complexion and a pronounced large beaked nose. They wore
tightfitting jump suits, thin headdresses that appeared to be communication 
devices and in their hands they held a ‘translator’. A
Holloman base commander* and other Air Force officers went out
to meet them.”

* The base commander at Holloman AFB in 1964, the time of the landing,
was Lt. Colonel Emmanuel F. Bonvicin.

A depiction of one of those alien beings which allegedly landed
at Holloman AFB was shown in Robert Emenegger’s book UFOS: Past,
Present and Future, copyright 1974 by Sandler Institutional Films, Inc.
I wrote to Mr. Emenegger requesting permission to reprint the drawing 
which shows the profile of a head with a very large “beak” nose,
vertical slit eye pupils like a snake, a layered headdress that covered an
unusual raised lobe in the back and near the top of the being’s head
and long attachments to the ears, the communication technology.
Bob Emenegger forwarded my request to Allan Sandler who
holds the copyright on the book and its contents. After initially
agreeing to permit publication of the depiction, I was subsequently
informed that an unnamed East Coast attorney advised against permission 
to re-print the drawing in the first edition of this book, An
Alien Harvest. No reasons for the denial were given.
Despite my efforts to obtain some explanation or clarification
for the refusal, no explanation was ever given. But in 1993 during
production of my second book, Glimpses of Other Realities, Vol. P. Facts
& Eyewitnesses, Bob Emenegger and Allan Sandler finally gave me
permission to reprint the drawing. The reader is also directed to
the Photo Section of the 1974 edition of Robert Emenegger’s book.
Oddly, later editions deleted the Photo Section.
On the next page is a drawing by former Navy petty officer
Milton William Cooper based on his memory of the several black
and white photographs he saw in his 1972 work in an intelligence
briefing team for U.S. Admiral Bernard A. Clarey, then Commander-
In-Chief of the U. S. Pacific Fleet in Hawaii. Bill Cooper’s drawing
shows a striking similarity to the Holloman AFB alien depicted in the
Sandler and Emenegger book.


Drawing by  Milton William Cooper of  “Big Nose Grey”  with  45-degree-slanted eyes, bright vertical reptilian pupils and tight-fitting head covering, January  20,  1989. At  this point,  I would like to  quote from my  handwritten notes on  that March  1983  evening in  Mr. Emenegger’s Los Angeles home. “Holloman is  true. ETs have come. There was communication over several days and in  buildings. They said there were other aliens visiting Earth, but they don’t know who or  where from either. Description:  5'2"  -  three of  them. Blue-white skin, ropelike thing around head with pieces that came down around ears that are communication devices for English and other languages. Some kind of  ‘cover’  over eyes. “Arrived at  six  a.  m. There were three craft:  oval-shaped and the one that landed put down  ‘struts’ for support. Some at  Holloman referred to  it as  the  ‘bathtub’, meaning the way an  antique tub might look if  white with ornate metal legs. “The extraterrestrials seemed to  be doctors, professional types. The eyes had vertical pupils, like  a cat’s. Wore silver  ‘leotard’. Ropes across head, aquiline nose, thin one-line mouth, no  chin. Look back in  history at  the Assyrians. If  this is  an accurate description, the nose is not consistent with the usual grey
creatures’ flat, noseless face. Is this yet another type of ET? Or is
the aquiline nose thrown in as a red herring? I asked Emenegger
twice and he affirmed each time the nose was correct. *

* In March 6-8,1981, President Ronald Reagan allegedly was briefed by the Director of the CIA, William J. Casey, who described five different types of ETs including
“Archquloids, ” defined as Big Nose Greys that are Cloned Biological Entities (CBEs)
created by the EBENS with “Rapid-Cycle Cloning. ”
See in-depth reports about Reagan briefing at www.Earthfiles.com.

“Whatever was exchanged between the humans and extraterrestrials, 
something was taken to the ‘Blue Room’ at the Pentagon, 
which at the time was only accessible to Foreign Technology
Division (CIA types), not even to the President. Another keeper of
UFO artifacts is the U. S. Coast and Geodetic Survey.
“Sandler’s production team was allowed to film at Holloman.
They were taken to Buildings 383 and 1382 at the end of Mars
Avenue where the extraterrestrials met the human group. ”
Bob Emenegger said the date he was given for the landing was
May 1971, perhaps one of several landings. Three weeks later at
Kirtland AFB, I was given the date April 25, 1964, as the first official
exchange and that date is the one that has held up over time as correct. 
Bob said that he and Sandler were supposed to receive about
3200 feet of film from the May 1971 Holloman landing, 600 feet in
16mm Ektachrome color.
When Emenegger and Sandler asked the Pentagon for the
promised film, they were denied. The filmmakers were advised to
simply describe the incident as it “might happen in the future - or
perhaps could have happened already.”
Bob said he also tried to confirm the existence of a biologist
named “Alphonso Lorenzo” who was supposed to have been in the
Holloman greeting party. Bill Cooper and UFO researcher William
Steinman say the correct name is Guillermo Mendoza, who worked
with both Sandia and Argonne National Laboratories. Bob insisted
the 2nd unit director on the UFO documentary saw the scientist’s
name in a Holloman AFB directory when they were filming at the
base. But Department of Defense (DOD) sources told them there
was no such person. Further, when a CIA agent, who was working
with them, asked for documents about the Holloman landing that
contained “Alphonso Lorenzo’s” name, he was told that “just the day
before they had been shredded.”
Larry Fawcett and I shared with Bob Emenegger some documents 
we had received, which mentioned MJ-12 and Project
AQUARIUS in connection with UFOs. Emenegger said he had
never heard of either, but would check with his “DOD sources” that
included Colonel William “Billy” Coleman and Colonel George
Weinbrenner. Coleman had been a public information officer in the
Pentagon associated with foreign technology and was the second
link in a communication chain that started for Emenegger with the
Norton AFB contacts, went to Coleman in the Pentagon and then
to Weinbrenner at Wright-Patterson AFB in Ohio. Emenegger said
it was Colonel Billy Coleman who wanted Sandler and Emenegger
to sign security oaths before receiving the historic UFO footage. For
whatever reason, Bob said the oaths were never requested and the
film was never delivered.
Emenegger told us that after the historic footage was withdrawn
“at the last minute”, he went to Wright-Patterson to ask Colonel
Weinbrenner what had happened. Bob said the Colonel stood up
and walked to a blackboard saying loudly, “That damn MIG-25!
Here we’re so public with everything we have. But the Soviets have
all kinds of things we don’t know about. We need to know more
about the MIG-25!”
While still loudly talking about Russian MIGs, Colonel
Weinbrenner walked over to a shelf of books and pulled one out.
He handed it to Emenegger, opened it up to the title page which
said The UFO Experience ©1972. On the page was the author’s autograph 
dedicated to Col. Weinbrenner. The author was J. Allen
Hynek, Chairman of the Department of Astronomy at Northwestern
University; former scientific consultant to the United States Air
Force about UFOs for Project BLUE BOOK; and Founder and
Director of the Center for UFO Studies (CUFOS).
“It was like a scene from a Kafka play”, Emenegger said that
evening in his Los Angeles home. Weinbrenner’s odd behavior indicated 
that he might have been sensitive to wire taps in his Wright-
Patterson office. If so, the “MiG” talk covered his silent actions with
the book, which indirectly confirmed that the UFO film was real, but
could not be discussed any longer for reasons Weinbrenner could
not - or would not - explain to Bob Emenegger.
I asked Emenegger if he would participate in my HBO documentary 
to share his knowledge about the UFO landing at Holloman
AFB. He said he saw no reason why he could not and we discussed
doing a film interview in his home.
Within two weeks, Emenegger called me back and said his DOD
sources told him not to participate in my documentary. Surprised, I
reminded him that he had already done a long Texas radio interview
about the Holloman landing.
“What difference does it make to tell the same story in the
documentary?” I asked. Bob offered no explanation for the decision.
That “no” is even more puzzling because a few days later, on April
9, 1983, I was shown a document about a government meeting with
extraterrestrials and was told I would be given historic UFO footage
for the HBO film that included scenes very similar to those Bob
Emenegger described.
When I flew to Albuquerque to meet Richard Doty, I had no
idea I would be shown an alleged “Briefing Paper for the President
of the United States of America”. I expected only to discuss the 1977
Ellsworth AFB incident. I had told Doty I would wait for him to pick
me up at the gate where I got off the plane in Albuquerque. [In
1983, people could go to gates to directly pick up passengers.] After
half an hour, I was the only person left sitting on a small bench in
the hall.
I did not know anyone in Albuquerque. However, I had previously 
talked by phone with Jerald D. Miller, who was then Chief of
Reality Weapons Testing at Kirtland AFB.* 
* By 1988, Jerry Miller had been promoted to Technical Adviser in Headquarters Operations Test Evaluation Center, Plans and Policy, Kirtland AFB, Albuquerque, NM.
Mr. Miller’s name was included in a document about UFOs at Kirtland. (See Appendix 5.)
I had contacted him a few months before about an Albuquerque
businessman named Paul F. Bennewitz. Mr. Bennewitz had a physics 
education and owned the Thunder Scientific Corporation near
Kirtland. Mr. Bennewitz said he had film and photographs of UFOs
above Albuquerque as well as recordings of communication signals
from the craft. Mr. Miller told me that AFOSI Special Agent Richard
Doty had asked him once to join a meeting at Bennewitz’s office to
view the evidence. That is how Jerry Miller’s name ended up in one
of the Kirtland documents. He told me there might be something to
Bennewitz’s research.
In that phone conversation, Jerry Miller said he wanted to
“catch up” on the mutilations and asked to see my documentary. So
I sent him a copy of A Strange Harvest. During those conversations in
late 1982 to early 1983, he had given me his home phone number
and asked me to call him if I were ever in Albuquerque.
It was in this way that Jerry Miller came to my rescue on April 9,
1983. First, I had tried the home phone number that Peter Gersten
had given me for Richard Doty. A young boy answered and said his
father was not there. Then I called Jerry Miller’s number. When I
explained the peculiar situation I found myself in, he immediately
agreed to pick me up at the airport and take me to his home.
While I was waiting for Jerry Miller to arrive and wondering what
had happened to Richard Doty, I discovered that the Albuquerque
newspaper headlines were about UFOs, the Manzano story, Paul
Bennewitz and this statement about Mr. Miller:
“Another document, dated October 28, 1980, said Air Force
scientific advisor Jerry Miller, a former investigator for Project
BLUE BOOK, concluded that a film taken by an Albuquerque
man (Paul Bennewitz) clearly shows ... some type of unidentified
aerial object. ”Albuquerque Journal, Albuquerque, New Mexico, 
Saturday, April 9, 1983.
Larry Fawcett and others at CAUS had worked hard to get information 
about the Kirtland UFO intrusions through the Freedom
of Information Act. When they received the documents, they were
excited and privately distributed them to the Mutual UFO Network
(MUFON) in Seguin, Texas. MUFON decided the story was too important 
to keep quiet. (See newspaper articles in Appendix 5.)
I had two Albuquerque newspapers in my hand when Jerry
Miller pulled up. Mr. Miller had a warm grin, square jaw and naturally 
wavy hair, both dark and silver. With the rushing spontaneity
that accompanies innocence, I immediately began to ask him questions. 
He was upset that his name was in the newspaper.
I asked him if he was the same Miller referred to in another
document called the “AQUARIUS Cable” that referenced MJ-12.
(See first document in Appendix 9.)
I got the document out of my briefcase and read as we drove
toward his home. I was determined to get answers, to move on, to
do the film. But Jerry Miller did not give answers. He is a man who
might know a great deal, yet says he knows nothing. He is a man
with the awesome responsibility of making sure that sophisticated
weapons work, but presents himself as a simple machine tester. He is
a gracious man who laughs to cover stress. I liked him and wondered
why we could not simply talk about the truth behind UFOs. What
was so dangerous? Why couldn’t the world simply get on with the
acknowledgement that we aren’t alone in the universe?
At his home, he got me a cold drink and called Richard Doty’s
house. Doty answered and Mr. Miller explained the situation. While
I waited for the mysterious Mr. Doty, Jerry Miller asked me questions
about the animal mutilation story.
Finally, Richard Doty arrived in a small white car and Jerry Miller
introduced us. Doty was not a big person; thin, about 5 feet 9 inches,
dark hair and light blue eyes. He seemed very tense and nervous. He
moved rapidly, abruptly, from the house to the car.
I asked him what had happened at the airport. He said in a challenging 
manner, “I was there. Where were you?” When I told him
I waited at the gate as we had agreed, he said he had been in the
lobby. Perhaps he had decided he didn’t want to go through with the
meeting, and it was acceptable in his world to leave me stranded at
the airport until Jerry Miller called his house.
As we drove, I read from the newspaper article about the Kirtland
UFO landing and told him about the Holloman conversation with
Robert Emenegger in California.
“Yeah, it happened.” His candor surprised me.
“Bob Emenegger told me the date was May 1971”, I said.
“That’s bullshit.” he replied with great annoyance. “The date
was April 25, 1964.”
I puzzled over his irritation. There had always been so many
different dates and names and places in the elusive cover-ups of
UFO incidents. I was used to uncertainty, so his defiant certainty was
unusual.
I watched his face more closely as he drove and talked about
Holloman. His light blue eyes were clear like a child’s. But the lower
lids were puffed out with folds of tired, aging skin even though he
was only in his mid-30s. Not much sleep, I thought. He had a dark
moustache that matched his dark brown hair. Once in awhile it
jerked to the right like a nervous tic. He was so thin that even with
his chin tucked down toward his throat, his Adam’s apple was clearly
visible as he spoke.
“Remember Lonnie Zamora ?” he asked.
“Sure, Socorro”, I answered.
“Came down around 6 p.m. on April 24,1964, right? Well, it was
a mistake. We, or they ... someone blew the time and coordinates.
That was an advance military scout ship. We got it corrected and they
came back to where they were supposed to be at Holloman the next
morning at 6 a.m., April 25, 1964.”
Police Sergeant Lonnie Zamora from the Socorro Police
Department encountered an egg-shaped craft the color of bright
aluminum resting on the ground and supported by angled struts.
Zamora told investigators that he saw two child-sized beings in white
suits on the ground near the craft. The beings hurried into the vertical 
oval vehicle, which rose straight up, emitting a light blue and orange 
flame. A bush was burned and four deep depressions from the
craft’s landing supports were left in the ground. Those depressions
were photographed and thoroughly examined by J. Allen Hynek
and others following the April 24,1964, incident. Zamora described
a red symbol on the craft to police dispatcher, Mike Martinez as, “...
una V invertido con tres lineas debajo.” (Translation: “...an inverted
V with three lines underneath.”)* Also see versions in Chapter 8.
Government insiders call this a “Trilateral Insignia” that allegedly
signifies a “galactic federation.”
* The symbol described by Zamora could be interpreted two ways, but also see Chap. 8.
We drove toward the Kirtland AFB entrance gate. There on the
right was the Thunder Scientific Corporation owned and run by
Paul Bennewitz. From this laboratory, he had set out to prove that
UFOs either existed or did not. When he thought he had enough
evidence to prove their existence, he went next door to Kirtland to
tell them. Someone there pretended it was all news to them.
At the gate, Richard Doty simply waved and drove through. The
guard knew him. We drove to a small white and grey building amid
some grass and trees. He parked in a space nearby. As we climbed a
short flight of stairs leading to the front door, I noticed paint peeling
in many places seeming to contradict the notion that intelligence
agencies are well-funded and maintained.
We moved quickly. Through one set of doors, another set of
doors. Then we came to one of those five black button locks you
punch to open. After the five black buttons, we were in a hallway of
shiny linoleum. He stopped at a door on the right.
“We’ll use my boss’s office”, Doty said, and we entered that room.
Like the building, the room was old. There was a large, blond
wood desk. A chair at the side of the desk was backed against a wall
of windows. Almost in the middle of the room away from the big
desk was a large greenish chair. I sat down in a chair near the desk
with my back to the windows. He sat behind the desk.
“You know you upset some people in Washington with your film
A Strange Harvest. It came too close to something we don’t want the
public to know about.”
That began a brief discussion about my documentary. I asked
him why extraterrestrials were mutilating animals. Richard Doty said
that subject was classified beyond his need to know.
He told me that I had been monitored while I was making
the film. I told him I had called the CIA headquarters in Langley,
Virginia, from Channel 7 in Denver to ask for an interview with one
of their field agents in Colorado. The woman who answered told me
politely the agency did not allow any media interaction with its field
people. But she said if I wanted to do an interview with the CIA public 
relations person at Langley (CIA headquarters), I was welcome
to arrange that.
I knew it would be futile to talk to CIA public relations about
animal mutilations, so I did not pursue her suggestion. Richard
Doty knew about the phone call. He said every phone call to CIA
headquarters was taped.
Then we talked about the Ellsworth AFB story that Gersten and I
had discussed. I showed Doty the document describing the dramatic
encounter between an Air Force security guard and alien beings
moving around outside a brightly lighted UFO on the ground. (See
Appendix 6.) The document said the security guard tried to shoot
at the beings and in return a light beam struck the gun in his hand
that evaporated and only mildly burned his skin.
Richard Doty was reluctant to discuss the details of the case, but
said there had been a UFO intrusion at an Ellsworth AFB missile site
as there had been at Malmstrom and other Strategic Air Command
(SAC) bases. What amazed AFOSI in the Ellsworth case, he said, was
that the “inner zone alert” went off underneath the 150-ton block of
concrete over the missile silo. That implied something had entered
the underground chamber. The eerie part was that the entrance
hatches were untouched.
After awhile, he reached with his left hand to a drawer on the
left side of the desk and opened it. He pulled from the drawer a
brown manila envelope. He opened it and took out several standard
letter size pages.
“My superiors have asked me to show this to you”, he said, handing 
me the pages. “You can read these and you can ask me questions,
but you can’t take any notes.”
I took the papers and read the top page. It was entitled, “Briefing
Paper for the President of the United State of America” on the subject of
unidentified aerial craft (UACs) or vehicles (UAVs) as well as identified,
IACs and IAVs. I don’t remember a president’s name or date.*
* In 1988, a source implied the information I saw was similar to the briefing paper for President Jimmy Carter (1976-1980).
Richard Doty then stood up and said, “I want you to move from
there”, meaning the chair I was sitting in with my back to windows.
He motioned me toward the large chair in the middle of the room.
“Eyes can see through windows.”
I got up and moved to the big chair, confused. I didn’t know
what was happening. As I looked at the pages in my lap a second
time, I wondered why he was showing them to me?
I was very uncomfortable, but I wanted to read and remember
every word. After the presidential cover page, the first content page
had several indented paragraphs. They began with a summary about
crashes of silver disks in the southwestern United States. My memory
says the first date was 1946. Other dates included 1947 and 1949 and
some in the early 1950s. There were two different crashes at Roswell,
New Mexico, first in 1947 and another in 1949. Some others I remember 
listed were Aztec and Magdalena, New Mexico; Kingman,
Arizona; and a crash south of Texas in northern Mexico. According
to the paper, our radar interfered with the alien guidance system.
The alien bodies and disks were taken to various secure government 
facilities such as Los Alamos National Laboratory in Los
Alamos, New Mexico, for examination and analysis. Some crash
remains were also taken to Wright Field (Wright-Patterson AFB) in
Ohio. The government called them “extraterrestrial biological entities”, 
or “EBEs” or “EBENs.”
The bodies were described as grey-colored, about 3 feet to
4.5 feet tall. Long arms, four long “fingers”, no opposable thumb,
claw-like nails with webbing between fingers. Instead of a nose or
ears, there were only holes, unlike the type with the large beak nose
described by Emenegger at Holloman.
“They are not like us.” I thought of Len Stringfield and his © 1977
book Situation Red and all the work he had done on crash retrievals. It was here in an alleged briefing paper for the President of the United States.
In addition to others in 1947, the paper described a 1949 crash
near Roswell, New Mexico. Six creatures were found, five dead and
one alive. An Air Force officer (later promoted to Colonel) took
responsibility for the live alien and had it transported to Los Alamos
Laboratory north of Albuquerque. Los Alamos (LANL) is now an
official Dept. of Energy National Nuclear Security laboratory along
with Sandia and Lawrence Livermore. Los Alamos was the crucial
facility to the United States development of the atomic bomb in the
highly classified Manhattan Project. It would have been a natural
decision to put an even more highly classified secret there: an extraterrestrial biological entity with both reptilian and insect characteristics. 
According to the briefing paper I read, the EBE lived at Los
Alamos “until June 18, 1952, when it died of unknown causes.”
During those three years, “Ebe”, as the creature was known,
communicated about his civilization and its relationship to human
evolution on this planet. This communication was done both mind-
to-mind telepathically and verbally.
This is some of the information related by Doty and others
about Ebe’s communication. Ebe’s civilization originates from
a planet in a binary star system about 39 light-years from earth.
Binary Zeta Reticuli 1 and 2* were named by abductees as the grey
aliens’ origin as long ago as 1961, Betty and Barney Hill.) They
have been coming to our planet for at least 25,000 years, probably
longer.
* According to the December 1974, issue of Astronomy, “The two stars that comprise the Zeta Reticuli system are almost identical to Earth’s G2 sun. They are the only known examples of two G2 type stars apparently linked in a binary star system of wide separation. Zeta 1 is separated from Zeta 2 by at least 350 billion miles - about 100 times the sun-Pluto distance. They probably require at least 100,000 years to orbit their common center of gravity.
The Zeta Reticuli binary stars are about 39 light-years away from our solar system in the constellation Reticulum (The Net). Reticulum is visible in the Southern Hemisphere.
Both Zeta 1 and Zeta 2 are prime candidates for the search for life beyond Earth.
According to our current theories of planetary formation, they both should have a retinue of planets something like our solar system. ”

After reading the briefing paper, I was told by other government 
sources that there are “ET colonies” underground on Earth.
The briefing paper also outlined the government’s efforts since
the 1940s to gain more information about the origin, nature and motives
of the ETs through government projects named SIGN, GRUDGE,
GLEEM, POUNCE, TWINKLE, and two different BLUE BOOKS.
One was phony misinformation to deflect the media and public away
from the ET phenomenon; the other BLUE BOOK was seriously Top
Secret under CIA control. The USAF in 1969 made a public display of
officially closing down what insiders knew was a phony BLUE BOOK,
so the theater was to get the media and public off the government’s
back, while sober investigations of extraterrestrials, their technologies
and agendas continued inside deep black sections of the CIA, NSA,
DIA, NRO and National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA) in Ft.
Belvoir, Virginia.
The briefing paper summarized the famous Captain Thomas Mantell
case. On January 7,1948, Mantell was flying a P-51 Mustang toward a UFO
not far from the U. S. Army Air Force Base at Godman Field, Kentucky.
“It appears to be a metallic object or possibly the reflection
of sun from a metallic object”, he said on his radio, “and it is of
tremendous size.”
At 22,000 feet and still climbing, he told the tower he was going
to close in for a better look. That was his last transmission. About an
hour later, Thomas Mantell’s 25-year-old body was found still strapped
inside the cockpit of his plane. His wristwatch had stopped at 3:18
p.m. local time, but his plane crashed at 3:30 p.m., an odd timeline
aberration never explained. The incident provoked speculation that
Mantell’s plane had been destroyed by an extraterrestrial spacecraft.
Captain James F. Duesler, a pilot and crash investigator was one
of several military officers at Godman Field in 1948. Five decades later
in 1997, he recounted what he and several other officers saw hovering
over Godman Field on January 7, 1948.
“The UFO was a strange, gray-looking object, which looked like a
rotating inverted ice cream cone. ... [Mantell’s] wings and tail section
had broken off on impact with the ground and were a short distance
from the plane. There was very little damage (no scratches) to the
fuselage, which was in one piece, and no signs of blood whatsoever in
the cockpit.
“The damage pattern was not consistent with an aircraft of this
type crashing at high speed into the ground. Because of the large engine 
in the nose of the plane, it would come down nose first and hit
the ground at an angle. Even if it had managed to glide in, it would
have cut a swath through the trees and a channel into the ground.
None of these signs were present. All indications were that it had
just belly-flopped into the clearing. I must admit, I found this very
strange.” The implication: a hostile act by ETs, but why?
The briefing paper concluded with a list of projects that the
government had instigated in its research about the alien life forms.
The top of the page was Project GARNET. It stated that all questions
and mysteries about the evolution of Homo sapiens on Earth had
been answered and that project was closed.
By 2005, a much more detailed definition of Project GARNET and
a “Humanization Project” had emerged in the 2005 book, Raechel’s
Eyes by Helen Littrell and Jean Bilodeaux, about human-alien hybrids
living on Earth in large underground installations approved by the
U. S. government in a treaty since the late 1940s. One alleged underground 
alien-human collaboration site called “Four Corners” is
on the north side of Area 51, Groom Lake, Nellis AFB, near Rachel,
Nevada. Government leaks say the EBENs create human-ET hybrids
with genetic manipulation. In addition, the EBENs allegedly created
the Big Nose Greys with “Rapid Cycle Cloning” technology. The U. S.
government calls those Big Nose Grey clones “Archquloids.” [Also see
ET cloning tube technology described by human abductees in Glimpses
of Other Realities, Vol. II: High Strangeness © 1998 by this author. All Howe books and documentaries at Earthfiles.com Shop.]
Project GARNET in Raechel’s Eyes is described as controlling “all
the information on genetic manipulation being carried on by aliens.
ETs claim to have created the human race by hybridization using
Rhesus monkeys, and that the existence of RH-negative blood is their
proof. ETs are carrying out experiments creating hybrid human/alien
life forms using human ova and sperm that they extract during abductions. 
...They combine these extracts, then raise the fetuses in large
tanks that look like aquariums. They use a solution of nutrients to
sustain life until the hybrids are fully developed. This particular aspect
of the Humanization Project is one of the conditions the government
agreed to under the terms of a treaty. It’s been going on for many years.
One or two hybrids, such as one alien geneticist, Chisky, are working in
the underground labs with our human scientists right now.”
In the briefing paper I was shown on April 9, 1983, at Kirtland
AFB in Albuquerque, another paragraph about Project SIGMA said
the government has been in 2-way communication with ETs since
1964, and that project was ongoing to date. I assumed that referred
to the meeting on April 25, 1964, that took place at Holloman AFB.
Another paragraph concerned Project SNOWBIRD. It described
ongoing research and development of extraterrestrial technology
and U.S. efforts to fly one of the E. T. craft. (See Appendix 10.) The
most likely location for SNOWBIRD research is Nellis AFB’s very
secret Groom Lake facility in the desert outside Las Vegas where
Area 51 allegedly houses an underground base for retrieved alien
technology, preserved dead bodies and even living quarters for alive
ET “visitors”.
The final paragraph described Project AQUARIUS, an overall
project with the goal of accumulating and archiving all available information 
about alien life forms. The paragraph said some data collected 
in Project AQUARIUS had been used to advance the United
States space program. See Appendix 9.
The briefing paper stated that these ETs have come at various
intervals in the Earth’s history to manipulate DNA in already existing 
terrestrial primates and in other Earth life as well, including
genetically manipulating DNA to create the dinosaurs millions of
years ago. To the best of my memory, the time intervals for the most
recent extraterrestrial DNA manipulations of Earth humans specifically 
listed in the briefing paper I read in the Kirtland AFOSI office
were 25,000, 15,000, 5,000 and 2,500 years ago.
There was also a paragraph that stated, “Two thousand years ago
extraterrestrials created a being” that was placed on this Earth to
teach mankind about love and non-violence.
That paper I was reading on April 9, 1983, also mentioned
briefly another alien group referred to as the “Talls”. Ten years later
in the early 1990s, I would be interviewing people in the human
abduction syndrome who described tall, blond humanoids working
with tall, black-haired and tall, red-haired beings, but the presidential
briefing paper did not include further details about the mentioned
“Talls”. By 2014, “Tall Whites” and “Tall Greys” had also been added
to the evolving taxonomy of ET types.
As I read the paper on April 9, 1983, I was stunned by the implications 
and the government’s admission that it had known all this
since at least the 1960s, if not before. From my research on the animal 
mutilations, I knew that more than one type of being had been
described by witnesses. There were the tall, pale, greenish-yellow humanoids 
along side smaller, grey ones in the Cimarron, New Mexico
case; the small, snake-eyed grey ones in Judy Doraty’s abduction; the
small, light green ones with long, slanted black eyes that scared the
Waco, Texas rancher; 6-fingered and 6-toed muscular humanoids
with heads and eyes larger than humans; reptilian humanoids with
green, scaly skin and vertical pupils in yellow-green eyes standing 6
to 7 feet tall; and strange dark-haired, pasty-skinned “men in black”.
I was excited to see a larger confirmation of the bits and pieces
I had gathered in my investigations. I got up from the chair with the
briefing paper in my hand and walked toward Richard Doty’s desk.
“There have been at least two different types of ETs described
in the mutilations”, I said. “There are the little grey types like those
in this paper. But there are also taller humanoid types that some
people call the Nordics and maybe you call the Talls. Who are they?”
I sat on the corner of his desk. Richard Doty’s face began to turn
red. He looked at me out of the sides of his eyes. His hands were on
the middle drawer of the desk. He seemed embarrassed about something, 
but I kept talking and asking questions. Later I realized he
must have been tape recording the conversation and when I moved
to his desk, I interfered with the recording.
He finally did explain that there was some kind of friction between
the little grey ones and the taller ones. “They tolerate each other”, he
said. His answer was confusing. In the Cimarron case, the woman described 
both grey and tall beings working together in the underground
lab. But she did perceive personality differences between the types and
thought the tall ones were “in control of the others.”
I returned to the large chair and re-read sections and asked
more questions. “Why are you showing this to me? Why not the New
York Times or the Washington Post or 60 Minutes?”
Doty said those institutions were considered “problem makers”
by his superiors. Certainly any independent writer, producer or
other individual media person is much easier to manipulate, control
or discredit than a major organization with a staff of lawyers.
I knew that Robert Emenegger and Sandler Films had been through
a previous briefing and promise of film from Holloman with discs and
ETs. It was at least possible that the time had finally arrived when some
of the story would be revealed to the public.
Doty told me that I was being shown the briefing paper because his
superiors intended to release to me several thousand feet of color and
black and white film. This historic footage was to include crashed disks,
alien bodies, the live extraterrestrial referred to as “Ebe”, a Holloman
landing which contained scenes of three UFOs arriving at the base and
an actual meeting between extraterrestrials and humans. Five cameras
filmed the landing, he said. Some were filming from the ground and
some from airborne helicopters. One of the three egg-shaped UFOs
landed. The two others remained in the air above as if to protect the
landed craft. Richard Doty told me the Colonel - Ebe’s Air Force
friend - and two scientists were in the greeting party at White Sands,
New Mexico, at six o’clock in the morning on April 25,1964.
Doty told me the U.S. government returned some dead preserved
ET bodies to the aliens and the ETs returned something to us. The closing 
scene from Close Encounters of the Third Kind was mentioned and I
realized human beings might have been returned. Perhaps humans had
been selected to board the ET craft in an “exchange program”.
I was to be given the historic landing and meeting film for inclusion 
in the HBO documentary with support by official government confirmation. 
Doty said he would call me and use a code name “Falcon”.
His call, he explained, would be followed by others, including a “Tom”.
Arrangements would be made for me to screen all the footage on the
East Coast.
Suddenly, Richard Doty stated he was concerned that his two boys
were at home and he had to prepare supper for them. I did not want the
conversation to end. I wanted to know more. He asked me if I wanted
to continue talking after he fed his sons and we agreed to have dinner.
He drove me to my motel. On the way, he talked more about Ebe
and the Colonel. It was as if fragile pieces of ancient scrolls were being
put in my hands, one by one. Why is he telling me so much? I wondered.
“Isn’t it dangerous for you to talk to me about all of this?” I
finally asked.
“I have been told to tell you. We want you to do the film.”
While he went home to fix food for his family, I concentrated
in my room and wrote down as many notes about the briefing paper
and conversation as I could remember.
After he returned, we went to a noisy Mexican restaurant where he
said our conversation could not be monitored because of all the competing 
sounds. He told me the “Ebens” live like the Pueblo Indians in
“houses” carved out of rock and soil. According to him, their planet is a
hot desert. I asked him if the binary suns were Zeta Reticuli 1 and 2, but
he would not answer. Zeta Reticuli 1 and 2 were tied to the famous Betty
and Barney Hill abduction case from the early 1960s. The husband and
wife worked through hypnosis with a medical doctor. In one session,
Betty Hill drew a map of a 3-dimensional star system she saw lighted up
inside the craft where she and Barney were examined by grey-skinned
humanoids with long, dark, slanted eyes that were probably covers for
yellow eyes with vertical pupils. Later, that drawing was “matched” by
researcher Marjorie Fish with the Zeta Reticuli binary suns.
“How do you know how they live? Has someone from here been
to their planet?”
“Something like that. You might say we have research scientists
studying their planet like they study ours.”
He said the ETs can control the order of genes on DNA like a
child can build with blocks. They also control gravity. That’s why on
Earth they can float above ground.
“Why did Ebe die?” I asked.
“I don’t know. He wasn’t supposed to. He was young for their
age. They are supposed to live one hundred forty of our Earth years.
We tried to help him and sent out signals. We tried to contact the
Ebens. We didn’t know what we were doing, but we tried. Just like
Spielberg’s film E.T. When Ebe died, the Colonel cried.
The Colonel loved him. He said it was like “being around a child
with the mind of a thousand men.”
Talking about Ebe’s death made me think about the force in the
universe that makes any life possible.
“Did Ebe say anything to the Colonel about God?” I asked.
“He said our souls recycle, that reincarnation is real. It’s the
machinery of the universe.”
That night I began to sense the enormity of the story. If it were
true, the implications were far-reaching for the Earth’s history and
human evolution. It did not seem possible that Richard Doty could
have made it all up in order to manipulate me for a perverse and
hidden government agenda. That night, I could comprehend how
MJ-12,* the President and others could be trying to maintain the
social status quo while challenged about how to tell the story no one
knew how to tell. Perhaps humans could finally come to terms with
a different truth about themselves in the universe.
* “MJ”, Doty said, stood for “MAJORITY. ” See Chapter 8.
When I got back to Denver, I called Jean Abounader at HBO and
told her about the meeting and the potential historic film release.
She and I agreed to remain completely silent until the sensitive material 
was in my hands. But we agreed that I should get something in
writing from the government affirming its intention to release film
to me for inclusion in the HBO documentary.
I talked with Richard Doty by phone several times over the next
few weeks about my obtaining a government letter that would confirm 
for HBO that the historic UFO film would be released to me
for inclusion in my HBO documentary. A meeting was scheduled for
May 18, 1983, in New York to discuss the situation with Jean and her
boss, Bridgett Potter. By the time I met with them, no government
letter had been sent. I outlined the briefing paper content and description of the Holloman and Ebe footage as I understood it to be,
even though I never saw any actual film.
Bridgett Potter said she would not authorize production funds
without the historic film in hand along with confirmations of its
veracity by “the President, Secretary of Defense, Secretary of State
and Joint Chiefs of Staff to back it up.” But she urged me to continue
with the story without financial support. My HBO contract was active
through September 1983.
I called Richard Doty from New York and expressed my frustration
about the lack of a good faith letter from his superiors. He told me they
did not work for HBO and had their own timetable. He also said there
was good news and bad news. The bad news was that the release of film
to me had been delayed for “political reasons”. The good news was that
an interview with the Colonel about Ebe had been OK’d.
Doty asked me to provide photographs of my cameraman, audio
person, production assistant and me for security clearances, which
I did. Appointments for the interview were repeatedly set and then
cancelled. We never did film the Colonel.
By June, Doty informed me that the project had been delayed
even further and that he was officially out of the project. But others, 
he said, would continue to contact me. I was given the name
of someone in Washington, D.C., who actually did phone my office
three times in March 1984. During that time, I was in Houston,
Texas, working on a MacNeil-Lehrer news story about the repair of
the Solar Max satellite. Upon returning home, I learned the government 
person was contacting me to explain there would be further
delays in the film project until after the November 1984 election.
Like Bob Emenegger and Allan Sandler’s experience ten years
before, no film was ever released to me and the HBO contract expired. 
Perhaps that was the government’s goal all along. I do not
know how much of what I saw or heard was misinformation or fact;
or why Richard Doty showed me the alleged presidential briefing
paper at Kirtland AFB.
On October 17, 1987, at the request of Larry Fawcett, Publisher
of Just Cause (Citizens Against UFO Secrecy, CAUS), I wrote a letter
for his publication to go on public record for the first time about
my April 9, 1983, meeting with Doty at the Kirtland AFOSI office.
Five months after that on March 5, 1988, Richard Doty wrote a
letter to Larry W. Bryant, who had been actively filing Freedom of
Information (FOIA) requests for CAUS. In that letter, Doty denied
that he showed me the briefing paper in 1983, or that he discussed
the release of the historic New Mexico UFOs and alien film footage.
Why he attempted to alter the facts, I do not know. What I have described 
here is what happened in the April 9, 1983, meeting at the
Kirtland AFB AFOSI office and subsequent HBO meeting. Copies of
my October 17, 1987, letter to Just Cause and Doty’s March 5, 1988,
letter to Larry Bryant are included in Appendix 4.
AFOSI Special Agent Richard C. Doty did show me the briefing
paper on April 9, 1983. The content was similar to material that
Robert Emenegger and others received before and after 1983. In
fact, another briefing paper for a United States President surfaced
publicly in 1987.
That document was released at the June 1987 MUFON conference 
in Washington, D.C. It was stamped TOP SECRET/MAJIC and
entitled “Briefing Document: Operation Majestic 12, Prepared for
President-elect Dwight D. Eisenhower: (EYES ONLY) 18 November,
1952.”* (See document on pages 171-178.) The source was UFO
researcher and author William Moore and television producer Jaime
Shandera.
* Four months before in July 1952, unidentified flying objects appeared repeatedly for a week
above the nation’s capitol in Washington, D. C. See The New York Times on page 170.
The two men said that in December 1984, a roll of 35mm film
arrived without a return address at Shandera’s residence. After the
film was processed, it revealed negatives of a document describing 
OPERATION MAJESTIC-12 as a “TOP SECRET Research and
Development/Intelligence operation responsible directly and only
to the President of the United States.”
The briefing prepared by former CIA Director Roscoe
Hillenkoetter (May 1, 1947 - October 7, 1950) explained that the
MAJI, MAJESTIC-12 or MAJIC-12 Group was “established by a special,
classified, executive order from President Truman on 24 September
1947.” The subject was a background briefing about unidentified
flying objects that appeared in American skies, the crash of a silver
disk on July 7, 1947, (actually wedge-shaped) between Corona and
Roswell northwest of Roswell Army Air Base (now Walker Field) and
how a secret government team retrieved the wreckage and “four
small humanlike beings”.
The doctor who did the autopsies was Detlev Wulf Bronk.* Dr.
Bronk was born in New York City on August 13, 1897. He received
degrees in physiology and biophysics from Swarthmore College and
the University of Michigan. He specialized in research about the
transmission of nerve impulses to skeletal muscle libers and nerve
physiology. At the time of the crash, he was President of the National
Research Council (1946-1950).
* Dr. Detlev Bronk died November 17,1975. According to Who Was Who, he was
a scientific advisor to Presidents Truman, Eisenhower and Kennedy and in 1964 was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom. He was also President of the National Academy of Sciences from 1950-1968 and Chairman of the Board of the National Science Foundation from 1956 to 1964.
According to the briefing paper, after the autopsies “the tentative 
conclusion was ... that although these creatures are human-like
in appearance, the biological and evolutionary processes responsible 
for their development have apparently been quite different
from those observed or postulated in Homo sapiens”.
The Eisenhower document stated that Dr. Bronk’s team suggested 
the term “Extra-terrestrial Biological Entities” or “EBEs” be
used as the standard name for the creatures.
Another doctor provided further information about the alien
creatures to William Steinman in a letter dated November 29, 1983.
Dr. Robert I. Sarbacher, now deceased, was President and Chairman of
the Board of the Washington Institute of Technology, Oceanographic
and Physical Sciences in Palm Beach, Florida, and President of MIT
during the Eisenhower administration. Dr. Sarbacher also served in
the Pentagon in the Research and Development Board led by Karl
Compton. That office was the Guided Missile Subcommittee under
Dr. Vannevar Bush and included Manhattan Project Director, Dr.
Robert Oppenheimer and rocket scientist Dr. John von Neumann.
This committee had originally coordinated scientific efforts during
World War II. Dr. Sarbacher wrote:

“About the only thing I remember at this time (1983) is that
certain materials reported to have come from flying saucer crashes
were extremely light and very tough. I am sure our laboratories
analyzed them very carefully.
“There were reports that instruments or people operating these
machines were also of very light weight, sufficient to withstand
the tremendous deceleration and acceleration associated with their
machinery. I remember in talking with some of the people at the
office that I got the impression these ‘aliens’ were constructed like
certain insects we have observed on earth, wherein because of the
low mass the inertial forces involved in operation of these instruments 
would be low.
“I still do not know why the high order of classification has
been given and why the denial of the existence of these devices. ”
The briefing paper I was shown at Kirtland AFB on April 9,
1983, outlined the government’s efforts to obtain more information
about the alien creatures in many different classified projects.
Detailed information about the extraterrestrials has slowly
leaked to investigators. In 1983, I was told the alien skin has a pronounced 
texture and elasticity. Others report it is tough like a reptile
hide.* Under a microscope, it has been described as “woven”, implying 
artificial technology of androids versus biological creature skin
or hide. Some sources have even asserted that many of the entities
are “biological androids” working for a higher prime intelligence
such as the EBENs. The skin, or fabric, varies in color from white to
grey-blue to light green to beige.
* William Steinman wrote in UFO Crash At Aztec (© 1987 UFO Archives)
that a reptile specialist was consulted during the autopsies of some alien life forms.
Arms in some of the entities are said to resemble a praying mantis 
insect and are very long in relationship to the body. Their clawed
fingers reach knees of very thin, short legs. The feet are described as
very small with four small claw toes. Their skeletons are purportedly
hollow like a bird’s.
The smaller entities, or androids, have a straight, slit mouth that
opens to a closed sac or membrane, no open throat and no teeth.
According to some sources, their digestive system and sexual organs
have atrophied - or are vestigial. The most disturbing description is
that the alien creatures, whether androids, clones, hybrids or prime
intelligence, require blood and other biological fluids and substances
from animals and humans to survive.
Some reports say the creatures possess two distinct brains separated 
by a mid-cranial lateral bone partition that creates an anterior 
(front) brain and a posterior (back) brain with no apparent
connection.
The eyes of some extraterrestrial biological entities have been
described two ways. In one, there is a colored iris, perhaps pale yellow 
or pale blue, which is dominated by a vertical slit pupil like a
cat’s eye or snake’s eye. That was also Bob Emenegger’s description.
These eyes slant upwards and reportedly have two or three lids that
move sideways from the corners across the eye. I was told the number 
of lids used by the alien creatures varies with light intensity.
The other type of eye more commonly reported in abduction
cases are the very large black eyes that have no discernible pupil.
I have asked various sources if the black is a covering over vertical
slit eyes? Or if there are two or three distinct species or races of ETs
intruding into Earth life - even hybrids part human and part alien
specifically designed for life on this planet? Or different cloned
biological androids for different tasks created by one or two prime
intelligences behind all of the phenomena?
One retired Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) employee told
me his work was to monitor and study the geopolitical, territorial
conflict of three different extraterrestrial civilizations interacting
with Earth: “Tall Blonds; Standing Up Reptiles; and a menagerie of
Grey types.”
Leonard Stringfield received some information about these
questions in his crash retrieval research. On July 2, 1979, a doctor
who said he had performed a partial autopsy on an alien creature in
the early 1950s sent Len the following statement:
* “SIZE - The specimen observed was four feet, three and
three-eighths inches in length. I can ’t remember the weight. It has
been so long and my files do not contain the weight. I recall the
length well, because we had a disagreement and everyone took a
turn at measuring. (Howe Note: Other sources indicate weights
of at least some small grey creatures examined to be about forty
pounds.)
HEAD - The head was pear-shaped in appearance (Howe
Note: Pear-shape is supposed to be an EBEN) and oversized by
human standards for the body. The eyes were Mongoloid (Asian
epicanthic folds) in appearance. The ends of the eyes furthest
from the nasal cavity slanted upward at about a ten degree angle
(Howe Note: Versus taller Big Nosed Greys with eyes that slant
up some 40 degrees.) The eyes were recessed in the head. There
seemed to be no visible eyelids, only what seemed like a fold.
There were no human type lips as such -just a slit that
opened into an oral cavity about two inches deep. A membrane
along the rear of the cavity separated it from what would be the
digestive tract. The tongue seemed to be atrophied into almost
a membrane. No teeth were observed. X-rays revealed a maxilla
and mandible as well as cranial bone structure. The outer ‘ear
lobes’ didn’t exist. The auditory orifices present were similar to our
middle and inner ear canals. The head contained no hair follicles.
The skin seemed grayish in color and seemed mobile when moved.
The above observations are from general anatomical observations. 
I didn’t autopsy or study the head portion in any great
detail since this was not my area of specialty.
The chest area contained what seemed like two atrophied
mammary gland nipples. The sexual organs have atrophied.
Some other investigators have observed female specimens. I have
not had this opportunity.
* Source: The UFO Crash/Retrieval Syndrome, Status Report II:
New Sources, New Data by Leonard H. Stringfield © 1980.
The legs were short and thin. The feet didn’t show any toes. The skin covered the foot in  such  a way that it  gave the appearance of wearing  a sock. However,  X-ray examination showed normal bone structure underneath.  ” Drawings of  the small, grey creatures from Leonard  H. Stringfield’s The UFO Crash/Retrieval Syndrome, Status Report II, January  1980. Len has had other reports that there are several humanoid types with unknown life spans, but some military sources say at  least  140  Earth years or  longer for some. The little grey humanoids with flat faces appear to  be  “formed out of  a mold,”  or cloned. They have identical facial features.  A colorless liquid without red cells and no  lymphocytes has been reported in  an alien’s body. Other reports describe  a substance similar to  chlorophyll in  some of  the little grey aliens. This suggests that photosynthesis might be  the energy source for the biological androids; no food or  water has been reported on  craft. 

Abductee descriptions support the conclusion that there are
several types of aliens. Alien hands have been described in some
cases as having smooth, flared pads like those of a tree frog; or four,
long thin fingers with long, black nails and no opposable thumb;
some are said to have three thick, tubelike fingers.
Small alien feet of a small, bluish-grey extraterrestrial biological
entity classified in one leaked government document as EBE Type 2
are described as ice cream cone-shaped, round in front with a “sock
membrane around four toes joined together” and tapering backward 
to a thin heel. Such prints were reported at a cattle mutilation
site in Dulce, New Mexico. Abductees also report seeing other taller
blond alien feet in boots that appear connected to a one-piece jump
suit. The alien communication is mental telepathy in which minds
rapidly exchange information. It is characterized as a hive mentality 
without individual emotion and is perhaps similar to the communication 
of bees and ants. There are also a few reports of harsh,
guttural vocalizations from the standing up reptilians and clicking
or high squeaking sounds from small grey types.
Abductee and author Whitley Strieber wrote about his interactions 
with small greys in Communion,*
“When they speak aloud, it is sometimes with a high, squeaking 
sound; other times in a deep bass. They can also create words
inside the center of their heads. One occasionally feels from them
powerful emotions. Other times they are as emotionless as stones.
... Interestingly, one sound that is reported, other than the various
voices, is a very low-pitched noise. There is a small body of research
suggesting that low frequency sound may have biological effects,
especially in the area of disorientation. ” **
* Copyright 1987 by Wilson & Neff, Inc.
Reprinted by permission William Morrow & Co., Inc.
** See Project GABRIEL, anti-E. T. sound weapon, Page 192.
Also see: “Infrasound Toxicological Summary, ” © November 2001 by Sarah Laurie, Ph.D., 
http://www.sa.gov.au/data/assets/pdf_Jile/0020/19802/P266_Dr_Sarah_LaurieJf.pdf


The New York Times, New York, New York, July 28,1952
The New York Times
‘OBJECTS’OUTSTRIP JETS OVER CAPITAL
Spotted Second Time in Week
by Radar, but Interceptors
Fail to Make Contact
By The Associated Press.
WASHINGTON, July 27-
The Air Force said today that jet
fighter planes had made an effort
to intercept unknown objects in
the sky over Washington last
night after the objects had been
spotted by radar, but that no direct
contact had been made.
It was the second time within a
week that unidentified objects had
been observed in the vicinity of the
nation's capital, but no planes were
sent up on the previous occasion,
last Monday.
The Air Force said that at 9:08
o’clock, Eastern daylight time,
last night the Air Route Traffic
Control Center, operated by the
Civil Aeronautics Administration,
had picked up by radar “between
four and twelve unidentified objects 
over the Washington vicinity.”

The C. A. A, notified the Air
Force and two jet fighter-inter-
ceptor planes were ordered up to
Copyright, 1952  by The New York Times Company.
make a check. These planes came
from a base at New Castle, Del.,
about ninety miles from Washington.

The jet planes themselves appeared 
on the C. A. A. radarscope
at 11:25 P. M. and were guided in
on several of the unknown objects.
The Air Force said in its statement: 
“One of the jet pilots
reported sighting four lights in
front, approximately ten miles and
slightly above him, but he reported
he had no apparent closing [overtaking
] speed. They disappeared
before he could overtake them.”
The sighting of the unidentified
objects in the sky by radar indicated 
that something with substance 
was involved, not only light.
Radar, which detects objects by
radio, can “pick up” such things as
cloud formations.
The Air Route Traffic Control
Center made several further attempts 
through its radar observation 
of the unidentified objects to
guide the jets to a contact. The
efforts were unsuccessful, the Air
Force said, until about 11:49
P. M., when the same pilot; who
had reported the first visual contact 
again reported sighting what
he described as “a steady white
light.” The light disappeared within 
a matter of one minute, the Air
Force said.
The C. A. A. radar operator at
the traffic control center, located
at the Washington National Airport, 
calculated the unknown object’
s position at about ten miles
east of Mount Vernon, Va., which
is near the airport.
The two jets left the area at
1:40 this morning, but two additional 
jet aircraft were sent over
and they stayed in the vicinity for
forty minutes.
The Air Force said that no further 
contact, either visual or by
radar, had been made by the
planes, although the “unidentified
objects” were still apparent at
2:20 A. M. on the radarscope.
Object Over Iowa Called Planet
IOWA CITY, Iowa, July 27 OP)
-An astronomer at the State University 
of Iowa reported today
that a spark-shooting object seen
in the sky by southeast Iowans
“most likely was the planet Jupiter.”

The astronomer, Prof. C. C.
Wylie, head of the university’s
astronomy department, said he
had seen the planet about 1:30
A. M. today after having been notified 
by the Iowa City Police Department

“I was told they’d had reports
of something in the sky”, Professor 
Wylie said, “and what I saw
was Jupiter, which at this time of
year is quite bright and rises about
1 A. M.
“I assume that some of the other
reports referred to Jupiter too,
although it is possible some people
saw another star or even a meteor.”
The Fort Madison police had
reports of flying objects that shot
off fire and bobbed up and down
in circles. A highway patrolman
in the Fort Madison area said the
object “looked like a star at first”
and was shooting off blue and red
lights, going in circles.”
Protestor Wylie said that Jupiter, 
or any star, when rising above
the horizon, would appear to be
shooting off multicolored sparks.
Copyright 1952 by the New York Times Company. Reprinted by permission.


Alleged  U.S.  Federal  Government  Document 

001 **************  TOP  SECRET  *
***************EYES  ONLY COPY  ONE  OF  ONE. 
BRIEFING  DOCUMENT:  OPERATION  MAJESTIC  
12 PREPARED  FOR  PRESIDENT-ELECT  DWIGHT  D.  EISENHOWER:  (EYES  ONLY) 18  NOVEMBER,  1952 
WARNING!  This  is a  TOP  SECRET  -  EYES  ONLY  document  containing compartmentalized  information  essential  to  the  national  security of  the  United  States.  EYES ONLY  ACCESS  to  the  material  herein is  strictly  limited  to  those  possessing  Majestic-12  clearance level.  Reproduction  in  any  form  or  the  taking  of  written  or mechanically  transcribed  notes  is  strictly  forbidden. 
**************
TOP SECRET/  majic T52-EXEMPT  (E) EYES  ONLY EYES  ONLY 001 TOP  SECRET  /  MAJIC NATIONAL 


 Alleged  U.S.  Federal  Government  Document 
 
 TOP  SECRET  /  MAJIC  002
 EYES ONLY  *  TOP  SECRET  *  EYES  ONLY  COPY  ONE  OF  ONE. 
 SUBJECT:  OPERATION  MAJESTIC-12  PRELIMINARY  BRIEFING  FOR PRESIDENT-ELECT  EISENHOWER. 
 DOCUMENT  PREPARED  18  NOVEMBER.  1952. 
 BRIEFING  OFFICER:  ADM.  ROSCOE  H.  HILLENKOETTER  (MJ-1) 
 NOTE:  This  document  has  been  prepared  as  a  preliminary  briefing only.  It  should  be  regarded  as  introductory  to  a  full  operations briefing  intended  to  follow. OPERATION  MAJESTIC-12  is  a  TOP  SECRET  Research  and  Development/ Intelligence  operation  responsible  directly  and  only  to  the President  of  the  United  States.  Operations  of  the  project  are carried  out  under  control  of  the  Majestic-12  (Majic-12)  Group which  was  established  by  special  classified  executive  order  of President  Truman  on  24  September,  1947,  upon  recommendation  by Dr.  Vannevar  Bush  and  Secretary  James  Forrestal.  (See  Attachment "A".)  Members  of  the  Majestic-12  Group  were  designated  as  follows: 
 Adm.  Roscoe  H.  Hillenkoetter 
 Dr.  Vannevar  Bush 
 Secy.  James  V.  Forrestal* 
 Gen.  Nathan  F.  Twining 
 Gen.  Hoyt  S.  Vandenberg. 
 Dr.  Detlev  Bronk 
 Dr.  Jerome  Hunsaker 
 Mr.  Sidney  W.  Souers 
 Mr.  Gordon  Gray 
 Dr.  Donald  Menzel 
 Gen.  Robert  M.  Montague 
 Dr.  Lloyd  V. Berkner 
 The  death  of  Secretary  Forrestal  on  22  May,  1949,  created a  vacancy  which  remained  unfilled  until  01  August,  1950,  upon which  date  Gen.  Walter  B.  Smith  was  designated  as  permanent replacement. 
 ****************
 *  TOP  SECRET *  
 ****************
 TOP  SECRET-MAJIC EYES ONLY  EYES  ONLY  T52-EXEMPT  (E) 002


Alleged  U.S.  Federal  Government  Document 

TOP  SECRET  /  MAJIC EYES ONLY 003
*  TOP  SECRET  * 
EYES  ONLY COPY  ONE  OF  ONE. 
On  24  June,  1947,  a  civilian  pilot  flying  over  the  Cascade Mountains  in  the  State  of  Washington  observed  nine  flying disc-shaped  aircraft  traveling  in  formation  at  a  high  rate of  speed.  Although  this  was  not  the  first  known  sighting of  such  objects,  it  was  the  first  to  gain  widespread  attention in  the  public  media.  Hundreds  of  reports  of  sightings  of similar  objects  followed.  Many  of  these  came  from  highly credible  military  and  civilian  sources.  These  reports  resulted  in  independent  efforts  by  several  different  elements of  the  military  to  ascertain  the  nature  and  purpose  of  these objects in  the  interests  of  national  defense.  A  number  of witnesses  were  interviewed  and  there  were  several  unsuccessful attempts  to  utilize  aircraft  in  efforts  to  pursue  reported discs in  flight.  Public  reaction  bordered  on  near  hysteria at  times. 

In  spite  of  these  efforts,  little  of  substance  was  learned about  the  objects  until  a  local  rancher  reported  that  one had  crashed  in  a  remote  region  of  New  Mexico  located  approximately  seventy-five  miles  northwest  of  Roswell  Army  Air Base  (now  Walker  Field). 

On  07  July,  1947,  a  secret  operation  was  begun  to  assure recovery  of  the  wreckage  of  this  object  for  scientific  study. During  the  course  of  this  operation,  aerial  reconnaissance discovered  that  four  small  human-like  beings  had  apparently ejected  from  the  craft  at  some  point  before  it  exploded. These  had  fallen  to  earth  about  two  miles  east  of  the  wreckage site.  All  four  were  dead  and  badly  decomposed  due  to  action by  predators  and  exposure  to  the  elements  during  the  approximately  one  week  time  period  which  had  elapsed  before  their discovery.  A  special  scientific  team  took  charge  of  removing these  bodies  for  study.  (See  Attachment  "C".)  The  wreckage of  the  craft  was  also  removed  to  several  different  locations. (See  Attachment  "B".)  Civilian  and  military  witnesses  in the  area  were  debriefed,  and  news  reporters  were  given  the effective  cover  story  that  the  object  had  been  a  misguided weather  research  balloon. 
*  TOP  SECRET  * T52-EXEMPT  (E) 
TOP  SECRET  /  MAJIC EYES  ONLY 00 EYES  ONLY


Alleged  U.S.  Federal  Government  Document 

TOP  SECRET  /  MAJIC EYES ONLY 004
*  TOP  SECRET  * 
EYES  ONLY COPY  ONE  OF  ONE. 
A  covert  analytical  effort  organized  by  Gen.  Twining  and Dr.  Bush acting  on  the  direct  orders  of  the  President,  resulted  in  a  preliminary  concensus  (19  September,  1947)  that the  disc  was  most  likely  a  short  range  reconnaissance  craft. This  conclusion  was  based  for  the  most  part  on  the  craft's size  and  the  apparent  lack  of  any  identifiable  provisioning. (See  Attachment  "D".)  A  similar  analysis  of  the  four  dead occupants  was  arranged  by  Dr.  Bronk.  It  was  the  tentative conclusion  of  this  group  (30  November,  1947)  that  although these  creatures  are  human-like  in  appearance,  the  biological and  evolutionary  processes  responsible  for  their  development has  apparently  been  quite  different  from  those  observed  or postulated  in  homo-sapiens.  Dr.  Bronk's  team  has  suggested the  term  "Extra-terrestrial  Biological  Entities",  or  "EBEs", be  adopted  as  the  standard  term  of  reference  for  these creatures  until  such  time  as  a  more  definitive  designation can  be  agreed  upon. 

Since  it  is  virtually  certain  that  these  craft  do  not  originate  in  any  country  on  earth,  considerable  speculation  has centered  around  what  their  point  of  origin  might  be  and  how they  get  here.  Mars  was  and  remains  a  possibility,  although some  scientists,  most  notably  Dr.  Menzel,  consider  it  more likely  that  we  are  dealing  with  beings  from  another  solar system  entirely. 

Numerous  examples  of  what  appear  to  be  a  form  of  writing were  found  in  the  wreckage.  Efforts  to  decipher  these  have remained  largely  unsuccessful.  (See  Attachment  "E".) Equally  unsuccessful  have  been  efforts  to  determine  the method  of  propulsion  or  the  nature  or  method  of  transmission of  the  power  source  involved.  Research  along  these  lines has  been  complicated  by  the  complete  absence  of  identifiable wings,  propellers,  jets,  or  other  conventional  methods  of propulsion  and  guidance,  as  well  as  a  total  lack  of  metallic wiring,  vacuum  tubes,  or  similar  recognizable  electronic components.  (See  Attachment  "P".)  It  is  assumed  that  the propulsion  unit  was  completely  destroyed  by  the  explosion which  caused  the  crash. 
TOP  SECRET EYES  ONLY TOP  SECRET  /  MAJIC   EYES  ONLY T52-EXEMPT (E) 004 


Alleged  U.S.  Federal  Government  Document 

TOP  SECRET/MAJIC  EYES  ONLY   005 
****************
* TOP  SECRET  * 
****************
EYES  ONLY COPY  ONE  OF  ONE. 
A  need  for  as  much  additional  information  as  possible  about these  craft,  their  performance  characteristics  and  their purpose  led  to  the  undertaking  known  as  U.S.  Air  Force  Project SIGN  in  December,  1947.  In  order  to  preserve  security,  liason between  SIGN  and  Majestic-12  was  limited  to  two  individuals within  the  Intelligence  Division  of  Air  Materiel  Command  whose role  was  to  pass  along  certain  types  of  information  through channels.  SIGN  evolved  into  Project  GRUDGE  in  December,  1948. The  operation  is  currently  being  conducted  under  the  code  name BLUE  BOOK,  with  liason  maintained  through  the  Air  Force  officer who  is  head  of  the  project. On  06  December,  1950,  a  second  object,  probably  of  similar origin,  impacted  the  earth  at  high  speed  in  the  El  Indio  - Guerrero  area  of  the  Texas  -  Mexican  border  after  following a  long  trajectory  through  the  atmosphere.  By  the  time  a search  team  arrived,  what  remained  of  the  object  had  been  almost totally  incinerated.  Such  material  as  could  be  recovered  was transported  to  the  A.E.C.  facility  at  Sandia,  New  Mexico,  for study. Implications  for  the  National  Security  are  of  continuing  importance  in  that  the  motives  and  ultimate  intentions  of  these visitors  remain  completely  unknown.  In  addition,  a  significant upsurge  in  the  surveillance  activity  of  these  craft  beginning in  May  and  continuing  through  the  autumn  of  this  year  has  caused considerable  concern  that  new  developments  may  be  imminent. It  is  for  these  reasons,  as  well  as  the  obvious  international and  technological  considerations  and  the  ultimate  need  to avoid  a  public  panic  at  all  costs,  that  the  Majestic-12  Group remains  of  the  unanimous  opinion  that  imposition  of  the strictest  security  precautions  should  continue  without  interruption  into  the  new  administration.  At  the  same  time,  contingency  plan  MJ-1949-04P/78  (Top  Secret  -  Eyes  Only)  should be  held  in  continued  readiness  should  the  need  to  make  a public  announcement  present  itself.  (See  Attachment  "G".) 
EYES  ONLY T52-EXEMPT  (E) 
TOP SECRET /  MAJIC EYES  ONLY 


Alleged  U.S.  Federal  Government  Document 

TOP SECRET/  MAJIC EYES  ONLY   006
****************
* TOP  SECRET  * 
****************
EYES  ONLY        COPY  ONE  OF  ONE. 
ENUMERATION  OP  ATTACHMENTS: 
•ATTACHMENT  "A"  Special  Classified  Executive Order  #092447.  (TS/EO) 
•ATTACHMENT  "B"........Operation  Majestic-12  Status Report  #1,  Part  A.  30 N0V  '47. (TS-MAJIC/EO) 
•ATTACHMENT  "C"...  Operation'Majestic-12  Status Report  #1,  Part  B.  30  NOV  '47. (TS-MAJIC/EO) 
•ATTACHMENT  "D"  Operation  Majestic-12  Preliminary Analytical  Report.  19  SEP  '47. (TS-MAJIC/EO) 
•ATTACHMENT  "E"  Operation  Majestic-12  Blue  Team Report  #5.  30  JUN  '52. (TS-MAJIC/EO) 
•ATTACHMENT  "F"..  Operation  Majestic-12  Status Report  #2.  31  JAN  '48. (TS-MAJIC/EO) 
•ATTACHMENT  "G"  Operation  Majestic-12  Contingency Plan  MJ-1949-04P/78:  31  JAN  '49. (TS-MAJIC/EO) 
•ATTACHMENT  "H"  Operation  Majestic-12,  Maps  and Photographs  Folio  (Extractions). (TS-MAJIC/EO) 
TOP  SECRET/MAJIC EYES  ONLY 006
EYES  ONLY T52-EXEMPT  (E)   


Alleged  U.S.  Federal  Government  Document 

TOP  SECRET / MAJIC EYES ONLY           007
EYES  ONLY      COPY  ONE  OF  ONE. 
ATTACHMENT  "A" 
  TOP  SECRET   
  TOP  SECRET  /  MAJIC EYES  ONLY      007
T52-EXEMPT  (E) 

“ATTACHMENT  A”  is  allegedly  U.  S.  President  Harry  Truman’s  classified  Executive  Order about  treaty  with  EBENs  and  policy  of  denial  in  the  interest  of  national  security. 
*  TOP  SECRET  * EYES  ONLY 007 TOP  SECRET  /MAJIC EYES ONLY Alleged  U.S.  Federal  Government  Document 


Alleged  U.S.  Federal  Government  Document  

TOP  SECRET   EYES ONLY                   008
THE  WHITE  HOUSE 
WASHINGTON 
September  24,1947 
MEMORANDUM  FOR  THE  SECRETARY  OF  DEFENSE 
Dear  Secretary  Forrestal: 
As  per  our  recent  conversation  on  this  matter, you  are  hereby  authorized  to  proceed  with  all  due speed  and  caution  upon  your  undertaking.  Hereafter this  matter  shall  be  referred  to  only  as  Operation Majestic  Twelve. It  continues  to  be  my  feeling  that  any  future considerations  relative  to  the  ultimate  disposition of  this  matter  should  rest  solely  with  the  Office of  the  President  following  appropriate  discussions with  yourself.  Dr.  Bush  and  the  Director  of  Central Intelligence. *  
TOP  SECRET   EYES ONLY                   008

Only one week before this Truman letter, the CIA was created on  September  18,  1947, and the next day James Forrestal took office as  first Secretary of  Defense two months after ET  craft and bodies were retrieved in the Roswell region of New Mexico.  


After the 1987 release of the Eisenhower briefing paper, excerpts
from it were photographed for stories on ABC-TV’s Nightline and
20/20. Strangely, neither network program discussed MJ-12. The
omission was puzzling in light of the MJ-12 extraterrestrial study
mission described in the briefing paper and the distinguished credentials 
of the thirteen listed members. (Secretary of Defense James
Forrestal died mysteriously - perhaps was murdered because he
wanted to talk publicly about ETs. General Bedell Smith filled his
vacancy in MJ-12.) Dr. Bronk, who did autopsies on the creatures,
was a prominent medical expert. The others were well known in the
fields of electrical and aeronautical engineering, astrophysics, military 
and business affairs. Four of the thirteen* - two Admirals and
two Generals - headed what first was called the Central Intelligence
Group (CIG) and later became the Central Intelligence Agency
(CIA) on September 18, 1947, under the 1947 National Security Act.
Later, “in 1949 the Central Intelligence Act was passed, exempting
the CIA from all Federal Laws that required the disclosure of the
‘functions, names, official titles, salaries, or numbers of personnel
employed by the Agency.’ The Act gave the Director of Central
Intelligence the staggering and unprecedented power to spend
money ‘without regard to the provisions of law and regulations
relating to the expenditure of government funds.’ ... The law
allowed ‘such expenditures to be accounted for solely on the
certificate (signature) of the CIA director.’” **

* Those four were Rear Adm. Sidney W. Souers, CIG Director from January 23,1946-June 10,1946; Lieutenant-General Hoyt Vandenberg, CIG Director from June 10,1946-May 1, 1947; Rear Adm. Roscoe Hillenkoetter, CIA Director from May 1, 1947-October 1950; and General Walter Bedell Smith, CIA Director from October 7, 1940-February 9,1953.
** Source: The Invisible Government by
David Wise and Thomas Ross, © 1964, Random House.

The first CIA director from 1947 to 1950 is the same man who
heads the OPERATION MAJESTIC-12 list* in the Eisenhower briefing
paper: Roscoe Henry Hillenkoetter. The CIA was apparently the force
behind all TOP SECRET/MAJIC efforts concerning UFOs from 1947
onward.
* See Appendix 2 for biographical information about the men listed
as MJ-12 members in the Eisenhower document.

In the October 14, 1988 syndicated television program UFOS:
Government Coverup-Live, a shadowed, voice-altered man identified as
“Falcon, Government Intelligence Official”, stated:
“There are government officials and elected officials that
are automatically briefed on the existence of MJ-12 activities.
These officials include the President, the Vice President as elected
officials; the Director of Central Intelligence and the Director of
the National Security Agency. MJ-12 policy is headquartered at
the Naval Observatory in Washington, D. C. The United States
Navy has primary operational responsibilities for field activities
relating to the MJ-12 policies. All information gathered in the
field, not necessarily by Navy personnel, is transmitted to the
Navy for analysis. ”
Then on the television screen was a flow chart of authority created
by William Moore and Jaime Shandera.

Copyright  1988  by  LBS  Extraterrestrials,  Inc.  Reprinted  by  permission. 

After  this  material  was  presented  on  the  television  program,  there was  no  follow-up  in  the  national  news  media.  If  the  government  was  using the  production  as  a  test  of  public  reaction,  there  was  no  reaction.  Perhaps the  four  decades  of  government  strict  policies  of  denial  and  misinformation  to  make  UFOs  not  real  to  Earth  humans  has  worked  so  well  that  no one  pays  attention  even  when  truths  are  told. 



=====================================================================
Chapter 8. Military  Voices


On  December  18,1988,  two  months  after  the  television  broadcast,  a  former  Navy  petty  officer  released  further  information  about MJ-12  and  alien  life  forms  on  CompuServe  and  Paranet  computer networks.  Later,  Milton  William  Cooper  told  me,  “I  couldn’t  live  with the  secret  of  it  any  longer.” Bill  Cooper  was  honorably  discharged  from  the  Navy.  He  stated that  in  1972,  he  saw  two  reports  relating  to  government  involvement with  alien  creatures  while  working  as  a  Quartermaster  (QM)  with  an intelligence  briefing  team  for  U.S.  Admiral  Bernard  A.  Clarey,  then Commander  in  Chief  of  the  U.  S.  Pacific  Fleet  based  in  Hawaii.  Bill Cooper  served  in  the  Navy  from  1970  to  1973. 183 

He states that the two reports he saw were:	Project GRUDGE/BLUE BOOK Report No. 13; and MAJORITY Briefing.*

* Bill Cooper released the name MAJESTY on December 18,1988, and corrected that name to MAJORITY on January 10,1989. The text of the January statement is contained in Appendix 11. MAJI, Majority Agency for Joint Intelligence, has control status over E. T. matters with MJ-12.

The GRUDGE report Bill English saw contained about twenty-
five black and white photographs of “alien life forms” and information 
about them. The MAJORITY report had no photographs, Bill
said, but contained information about the government’s growing
concern with the alien interference on this planet.
The following are portions of Bill Cooper’s first computer statement 
on December 18, 1988. Bill read and approved the following
information and recorded interview for inclusion in this book. The
first page of Bill Cooper’s thirty-one page DD-214 honorable discharge 
papers effective December 11, 1975, and his notarized, sworn
statement are included in Appendix 11.


Computer  Statement  by  Bill  Cooper,  December  18,1988. 

The  test  of  time  will  prove  this  information  to  be true  and  correct.  In  this  file  you  will  find  information which  you  have  never  had  before  and  it  should  open  up numerous  paths  for  serious  UFO  researchers  to  explore. (In  the  project  names),  the  first  word  is  always  the Proword*  and  the  second  word  is  the  project  itself. 
TOP  SECRET/MAJIC 
EXECUTIVE  CORRESPONDENCE 
EXECUTIVE  BRIEFING 
SUBJECT: MAJI 
PROJECT  GRUDGE/AQUARIUS  (TS/MAJIC) 
(Graphic  of  finned  rocket enclosed  in  circle  bisected vertically  by  dashes  with  two bolts  of  lightning  underneath.) 
ATTENTION THIS  DOCUMENT  WAS  PREPARED  BY  MAJI. 
MAJI  IS  SOLELY  RESPONSIBLE  FOR  ITS  SUBJECT  MATTER.
DOCUMENT  CONTROL:  ECN  0001 
(Graphic  of  world  in  circle) 
CLASSIFIED  BY:  MJI/MAJI 
DECLASSIFY  ON:  EXEMPT 
TOP  SECRET/MAJIC 

TOP  SECRET/MAJIC 
PROJECT  AQUARIUS 
(TS/ORCON)*  (PROWORD)  GRUDGE:  (MAJORITY) 
*  TS/ORCON  means  TOP  SECRET/ORIGINATOR  CONTROLLED.  The  originator  of the  information  has  complete  control  over  its  content  and  distribution.
Contains  16  volumes  of  documented  information collected  from  the  beginning  of  the  United  States investigation  of  Unidentified  Flying  Objects  (UFOs)  and Identified  Alien  Craft  (IAC).  The  Project  was  originally established  in  1953,  by  order  of  President  Eisenhower,  under control  of  CIA  and  MAJI.  In  1960,  the  Project's  name  was changed  from  Project  SIGN  to  Project  GRUDGE.  The  Project was  funded  by  CIA  confidential  funds  (non-appropriated). The  Project  assumed  full  responsibility  for  investigation and  intelligence  of  UFOs/IACs  Dec  1969  after  Project GRUDGE/BLUE  BOOK  was  closed.  The  purpose  of  Project  AQUARIUS was  to  collect  all  scientific,  technological,  medical,  and intelligence  from  UFO/IAC  sightings  and  contacts  with  alien life  forms.  This  orderly  file  of  collected  information  has been  used  to  advance  the  United  States  space  program. 
(TS/ORCON)  The  proceeding  is  an  historical  account of  the  United  States  government's  investigation  of  aerial phenomena,  recovered  alien  aircraft,  and  contacts  with extraterrestrial  life  forms. 
TOP  SECRET/MAJIC 
THE  PROJECTS  UNDER  PROJECT  AQUARIUS 

1.  (TS/ORCON)  PROJECT  PLATO:  (PROWORD:  AQUARIUS) 
Originally  established  as  part  of  Project  SIGN  in  1954.  Its mission  was  to  establish  diplomatic  relations  with  aliens. This  Project  was  successful  when  mutually  acceptable terms  were  agreed  upon.  These  terms  involved  the  exchange of  technology  for  secrecy  of  alien  presence  and  noninterference  in  alien  affairs.  Aliens  agreed  to  provide  MAJI with  a  list  of  human  contacts  on  a  periodic  basis. 

2.  (TS/ORCON)  PROJECT  SIGMA:  (PROWORD:  AQUARIUS) Originally  established  as  part  of  Project  SIGN  in  1954. Became  a  separate  project  in  1976.  Its  mission  was  to establish  communication  with  aliens.  This  project  met with  positive  success  when  in  1959,  the  United  States established  primitive  communications  with  the  aliens. On  April  25,  1964,  a  USAF  intelligence  officer  met  with aliens  at  Holloman  AFB,  New  Mexico.  The  contact  lasted  for approximately  three  hours.  After  several  attempted  methods of  communicating,  the  intelligence  officer  managed  to exchange  basic  information  with  the  aliens.  This  Project  is continuing  at  a  site  in  New  Mexico. 

3.  (TS/ORCON)  PROJECT  REDLIGHT:  (PROWORD  GRUDGE) Originally  established  in  1954.  Its  mission  was  to  test fly  a  recovered  alien  aircraft.  First  attempts  resulted in  destruction  of  the  craft  and  death  of  the  pilot.  This Project  was  resumed  in  1972.  This  Project  is  continuing  in Nevada. 

4.  (TS/ORCON)  PROJECT  SNOWBIRD:  (PROWORD  REDLIGHT) Originally  established  in  1954.  Its  mission  was  to  develop, using  conventional  technology,  and  fly  a  flying  saucer  type craft  for  the  public.  This  Project  was  successful  when a  craft  was  built  and  flown  in front  of  the  press.  This Project  was  used  to  explain  UFO  sightings,  and  to  divert public  attention  from  Project  REDLIGHT. 

MAJORITY*  The  proword  for  MAJI.  The  Proword  for  MAJESTIC TWELVE.  The  Proword  for  GRUDGE.  MAJORITY  is  the only  word  on  the  cover  sheet  of  the  AQUARIUS document.  It  is  plain  that  the  executive decision  makers  are  MAJORITY.  On  the  executive level,  MAJORITY  is  everything  to  do  with  the aliens  and  everything  connected  with  them.  The way  intelligence  and  TOP  SECRET  information  is protected  accounts  for  the  previous  confusion regarding  the  control  of  this  subject. Everything  under  MAJORITY  is  broken  down  into compartments  and  difficult  to  trace  to  a  higher authority.  All  information  of  important  nature of  any  kind  is  handled  in  this  manner  and  is designed  to  confuse  those  who  would  attempt to  uncover  the  secret.  MAJORITY  is  the  word you  all  have  been  looking  for  that  ties  it  all together. 

*  On  January  10,1989,  Bill  Cooper  issued  a  revised  “Final  Release”  of  his  information about  the briefing  papers  he  saw  in  1972.  Bill  explained  the  corrections  and  revisions came  “after  I  had  tested  the  reactions  of  people,  especially  the  government,  to  the  wrong names  in  the  first  version  of  December  18,1988.  ‘MAJORITY’  is  the  correct  name,  not ‘MAJESTY’.  I  remember  how  my  friend  Bob  Swan  and  I  looked  up  ‘majority’  in  the dictionary  because  we  didn’t  know  what  it  meant.  The  dictionary  said  ‘to  reach  the  age  of maturity.  ’”  Also  means  the larger  number  of  something.  See  Appendix  11 for  Bill  Cooper’s  January  10,1989  “Final  Release.” 
Howe:  As  noted  in  Chapter  7, I was  told  in  1983  that  “MJ”  stood  for  “Majority.”In addition  to  maturity,  another  obsolete  meaning  is  “ancestors,  ”  which  in  biology  is  an earlier  form  or  type  from  which  a  later  organism  is  developed.

MAJI:  MAJESTIC  AGENCY  for  JOINT  INTELLIGENCE.  The  TOP SECRET/MAJIC  project  control  group  responsible for  every  aspect  of  interface  with  the  alien life  forms,  including  security  and  intelligence and  misinformation  to  prevent  public  or 
foreign  disclosure  of  the  alien  presence.  MAJI is  responsible  only  to  the  President.  (This  is why  all  documents  referring  to  "MAJESTIC"  or any  other  form  of  that  name  are  wrong.)  MAJI is  ongoing  in  Washington,  D.C. 

MAJESTIC TWELVE:  A  selected  team  of  experts  in  many  different fields  who  evaluate  information,  technology, biology  and  other  facets  of  the  alien  presence in  order  to  better  understand  the  phenomenon. MAJESTIC  TWELVE  makes  recommendations  and presents  scientific  direction  when  needed. MAJESTIC  TWELVE  does  not  know  all  the information  and  does  not  meet  as  a  group. Members  are  given  information  on  a  Need  to  Know basis  only.  Biologists,  for  example,  are  not given  information  regarding  any  other  subject. 

MAJIC:  Security  classification  of  all  MAJI  and AQUARIUS  information.  MAJIC  means  "MAJI Controlled."  MAJIC  is  the  highest  security classification  in  the  nation. 

MJ-1:  Director  of  MAJI.  The  Director  of  the  CIA  is usually  MJ-1  and  reports  only  to  the  President. (Other  members  of  MAJI  are  designated  MJ-2, MJ-3,  MJ-4,  etc. 

BLUE  TEAM:  The  first  project  responsible  for  reaction/ recovery  of  downed/crashed  alien  craft  and/or aliens.  This  was  an  Air  Force  Material  Command project. 

SIGN:  The  second  project  responsible  for  collection of  intelligence  and  determining  whether  alien presence  constituted  a  threat  to  the  national security.  SIGN  absorbed  BLUE  TEAM.  This  was  an Air  Force/CIA  project. 

AQUARIUS:  The  third  and  final  project.  AQUARIUS absorbed  all  previous  projects.  Funded  by CIA  confidential  non-appropriated  funds.  The purpose  of  Project  AQUARIUS  (GRUDGE)  is  to collect  all  scientific,  technological,  medical and  intelligence  information  from  UFO/IAC sightings  and  contacts  with  alien  life  forms. This  project  is  ongoing.  This  project  began as  an  Air  Force  project  under  SIGN,  but  was taken  over  by  NSA.  All  projects  connected  with the  aliens  are  now  intelligence  community controlled. GRUDGE:  The  overall  project  with  the  same  mission  as SIGN.  

GRUDGE  absorbed  SIGN.  GRUDGE  is  the Proword  for  AQUARIUS. 

POUNCE:  This  project  was  formed  to  recover  all  downed/ crashed  craft  and  aliens.  This  project  provided cover  stories/operations  to  mask  true  endeavor when  necessary.  Covers  which  have  been  used: crashed  experimental  aircraft,  construction, mining,  etc.  This  project  has  been  successful. This  project  is  ongoing. 

PLUTO:  Established  to  evaluate  all  UFO/IAC  information pertaining  to  space  technology.  This  project is  ongoing.  PLUTO  is  the  Proword  for  POUNCE. 

REDLIGHT:  Mission  was  to  test  fly  recovered  alien  craft. This  project  was  postponed  after  every  attempt resulted  in  destruction  of  the  craft  and  death of  the  pilots.  This  project  was  carried  out at  Area  51  in  Nevada  (Groom  Lake),  and  some flights  were  performed  at  Dreamland.  Project REDLIGHT  was  resumed  in  1972.  This  project has  been  partially  successful.  UFO  sightings of  craft  accompanied  by  black  helicopters are  Project  REDLIGHT  assets.  This  project  is ongoing  at  Area  51  in  Nevada. 

SNOWBIRD:  Established  as  a  cover  for  Project  REDLIGHT. A  flying  saucer  "TYPE"  craft  was  built  using conventional  technology.  It  was  unveiled  to  the press  and  flown  in  public  on  several  occasions. The  purpose  was  to  explain  accidental  sightings or  disclosures  of  REDLIGHT  as  having  been  the SNOWBIRD  craft.  This  was  a  very  successful misinformation  operation.  It  has  not  been  used for  many  years.  This  Project  is  currently  in mothballs  until  needed  again. 

LUNA:*  Code  name  for  alien  underground  base.  The base  is  alien  controlled  and  Delta/Alien protected.  Luna  is  ongoing  in  New  Mexico.  Alien detachments  exist  at  Dreamland  and  at  Area  51. 

*  See  LUNA  correction  in  January  10,1989,  statement  in  Appendix  11. 

FAR SIDEOF  THE  MOON:  An  alien  base  on  the  dark  side  of  the  moon where  large  machines  were  sighted  by  the  Apollo astronauts.  It  is  believed  to  be  a  mining operation. 

NRO:  National  Reconnaissance  Organization.  Based  at Fort  Carson,  Colorado.  Responsible  for  security for  all  alien  or  alien  craft  connected  projects. Use  unmarked  black  helicopters.  Ongoing. 

DELTA:  Security  teams  from  NRO  especially  trained  to provide  alien  tasked  projects/Luna  security (Men  in  black.)  This  project  is  ongoing. 

GABRIEL:  This  project  was  tasked  with  developing  a low  frequency  pulsed  sound  generator.  It  was determined  that  the  alien  weapons  and  craft  would be  vulnerable  to  this  weapon.  It  is  questionable whether  this  project  exists  today  in  1988.  It  was derived  from  technology  captured  from  Germany during  and  after  WWII.  My  contacts  have  verified its  previous  existence,  but  cannot  verify  whether it  is  ongoing  or  has  been  terminated. 

EXCALIBUR (1988 Inforrmation):  Established  to  develop  a  weapon  which  would destroy  the  alien  underground  base  and  any future  underground  bases  which  the  aliens  might construct.  It  is  to  be  a  missile  capable  of penetrating  1000  meters  of  tufa  (limestone)/ hard  packed  soil  such  as  that  found  in  New  Mexico with  no  operational  damage.  Missile  apogee  not  to exceed  30,000  feet.  AGL  impact  must  not  deviate in  excess  of  50  meters  from  designated  target. Device  will  carry  a  1  megaton  nuclear  warhead. This  project  is  ongoing  at  WX  Division,  Los Alamos  National  Laboratory,  New  Mexico,  and  is still  in  development. 

ALIEN  CRAFT:  These  are  flying  craft  which  use  gravity  and electromagnetic  fields  to  fly.  I  really  did  not understand  the  principle,  but  somehow  gravity can  become  electromagnetic  energy  and  that  is the  only  way  that  I  know  to  explain  it.  The craft  has  an  atomic  reactor  on  board  about  the size  of  a  football.  The  craft  can  "cloak"  (be invisible).  The  way  I  understood  it,  is  that it  bends  light  rays  (and  can  do  the  same  with radar)  so  that  you  look  at  the  craft  and  see  only what  is  behind  it.  They  can  do  this  when  they do  not  want  to  be  seen.  A  lot  of  the  technology of  our  stealth  bomber  came  out  of  this.  A  lot of  the  information  regarding  the  alien  craft that  I  saw  had  to  do  with  Einstein's  Theory of  Relativity.  There  was  a  lot  of  information regarding  space/time  "folds".  My  education  was not  even  in  this  ballpark,  so  I  really  can't tell  you  much,  but  I  learned  that  their  craft are  not  all  that  stable  in  air  (that's  why  so many  crash).  But  they  are  still  able  to  do things  that  we  have  only  dreamed  of.  They  can travel  through  space  across/through  a  "fold" in  a  very  short  time. 

ALF:  ALF  is  the  abbreviation  for  "Alien  Life  Form." This  is  the  only  term  that  I  have  seen  used to  describe  the  aliens.  The  Alien  Life  Forms require  blood  and  other  biological  fluids  to survive.  They  abduct  humans  and  animals  to procure  these  fluids.  The  Alien  Life  Forms abduct  humans  and  implant  a  very  small  device/ devices  in  or  near  the  human  brain  which gives  them  total  control  over  that  human. The  implants  are  very  difficult  to  detect, but  can  be  detected.  The  documents  stated that  all  attempts  to  remove  the  implants  have resulted  in  the  death  of  the  patient  (1972). They  perform  surgical  operations  on  humans. They  collect  sperm/ova  and  other  biological samples  from  humans.  The  purpose  has  yet to  be  determined.  (Howe  Note:  But  by  2014, hybridization  and  humanization  on  Earth  has emerged  as  key  goals  in  some  alien  agendas.) These  abductions  are  ongoing.  A  list  of abductees  is  provided  by  the  aliens  to  MAJI  on a  periodic  basis.  The  aliens  also  claim  to  have played  a  very  significant  part  in  the  world's religious  history  and  have  provided  MAJI  with supporting  evidence. 

(Secondary  finding  after  study)  Alien  subsistence requires  that  they  must  have  human  blood  and other  human  biological  substances  to  survive. In  extreme  circumstances,  they  can  subsist  on other  animal  fluids.  Food  is  converted  to  energy by  chlorophyll  through  photosynthesis  and  waste products  are  excreted  through  skin.  (Did  they evolve  from  plant  life?  Not  known  at  this  time.) These  creatures  possess  two  separate  brains separated  by  mid-cranial  lateral  bone  partition (anterior  brain  -  posterior  brain)  with  no apparent  connection  between  the  two. 

UFO/IAC:  UFO  is  unidentified  flying  object  and  can  be anything  unidentified,  but  usually  refers  to suspected  alien  craft.  IAC  is  identified  alien craft. 

BLUE  BOOK:  This  was  an  Air  Force  UFO/Alien  misinformation project.  This  project  was  terminated  and  its collected  information  and  duties  were  absorbed by  Project  AQUARIUS.  A  classified  report  named "GRUDGE/BLUE  BOOK  Report  No.  13"  is  the  only significant  information  derived  from  the  project and  is  unavailable  to  the  public.  (See  pages  62- 63  in  this  book ) 

GUEST:  Alien  life  form  held  prisoner  in  an  area  known as  the  Ice  Cave  at  Los  Alamos,  New  Mexico.  There were  originally  16  captive  aliens*  held  at  this location.  15  (or  5)  have  died.  
*  May  have  been  6  alien  “guests”  instead  of  16,  Bill  Cooper  said  later. 
The  alien  "guests" furnished  extensive  information  on  the  aliens  and their  history  which  is  known  as  the  "Yellow  Book." The  aliens  claim  that  man  is  a  hybrid  created  by them.  They  claim  that  all  religion was  created by  them  to  hasten  the  formation  of  a  civilized culture  and  to  control  the  human  race.  The  aliens have  furnished  proof  of  these  claims  and  have a  device  that  allows  them  to  show  audibly  and visually  any  part  of  history  that  they  or  we  wish to  see.  (Howe  Note:  Crystal  holographic  projection device  that  "captures  time  and  plays  it  back.") They  claim  that  RH-negative  blood  is  the  proof  of hybridization,  and  our  own  science  tends  to  bear out  their  claim.  But  the  aliens  have  a  tendency to  lie. 


In  the  October  14,  1988,  broadcast  of  UFOS:  Government  Coverup Live*  the  “Falcon”  intelligence  official  said: 

“Presently,  as  of  the  year  1988,  there  is  one  extraterrestrial being.  He  is  a  guest  of  the  United  States  government  and  he  has remained  hidden  from  public  view.  **  The  Yellow  Book  is  exclusively  written  by  the  second  (captured)  alien.  The  book  relates  to the  alien  planet,  solar  system,  suns,  ***  culture  and  society  make up  on  the  planet  and  the  social  structure  of  the  aliens  and  the aliens’  life  among  Earthlings. 
“What  was  most  intriguing  to  me  in  my  experience  with  the aliens  is  an  octagon-shaped  crystal,  which  when  held  in  the alien’s  hand  and  viewed  by  a  second  person,  displays  pictures. These  pictures  can  be  of  the  alien’s  home  planet  or  pictures  of Earth  many  thousands  of  years  ago.  ” 

*  Copyright  1988  by  LBS  Extraterrestrials,  Inc.  Reprinted  by  permission. 
**  Howe  Note:  I  was  told  the alien  was/is  kept  in  an  electromagnetically  secure  facility  at Los  Alamos  National  Laboratory  in  New  Mexico. 
***  “Falcon”  named  the ET guest’s  origin  as  Zeta  Retilculi  1  and  2,  a  binary  star  system  about 39  light-years from  Earth;  both  suns  are  similar  to  Earth’s  G2 yellow  sun.  Same  Zeta  Reticuli origjn  given  by  aliens  to  abductee  Betty  Hill  in  1961  encounter  with  grey  beings.  For  more  information,  see  2007 book  Captured!  by  Kathleen  Marden  and  Stanton  Friedman; plus  Astronomy  magazine,  December  1974,  pages  4  -18. 195 


Another  shadowed  and  voice-altered  man  identified  as  a scientist  named  “Condor”  spoke  on  the  television  program  and  said an  agreement  had  been  signed  between  the  U.S.  government  and the  extraterrestrials.  He  said,  “Essentially  the  agreement  says  that we  won’t  disclose  your  (ET)  existence  if  you  do  not  interfere  in  our (Earth  human)  society.”  Condor  said  the  alien  base  was  in  the  State of  Nevada  in  a  place  called  Area  51,  or  “Dreamland.” 

Then  the  “Falcon”  continued: 

“The  extraterrestrials  have  complete  control  of  this  base,  which  is located  in  Nevada.  My  understanding  is  that  three  different  aliens of  the  same  species  have  resided  within  the  United  States  from  1948 or  1949  until  present  day  (1988).  The  first  alien  was  captured in  the  New  Mexico  desert  after  its  craft  crashed.  The  alien,  named Ebe  (extraterrestrial  biological  entity)  by  the  government,  was  kept in  captivity  for  three  years.  We  learned  a  great  deal  of  information about  the  aliens  ’  race,  culture  and  spacecraft.  The  second  alien  was part  of  an  exchange  program.  I  don’t  recall  what  year  that  alien visited.  A  third  alien  was  also  part  of  an  exchange  program  and  has been  a  guest  of  the  U.  S.  government  since  1982.  ”


Computer  Statement  by  Bill  Cooper,  December  18,1988. 

These  aliens  were  held  in  exchange  for  (6  or 16?)  humans  who  became  "guests"  of  the  aliens.  No information  regarding  the  human  "guests"  is  available from  any  source. 

I  have  confirmed  the  existence  of  an  alien  craft at  a  hanger  at  Edwards  AFB  in  California.  The  hanger is  at  North  Base.  It  has  been  guarded  by  non-Edwards personnel,  NRO-DELTA  forces.  The  guards  had  a  badge that  was  red  with  a  black  triangle  on  the  face  of  the badge.  No  one  was  allowed  near  the  hanger  without the  badge.  These  people  are  no  longer  guarding  the hanger.  The  Edwards  security  force  are  instructed to  check  the  hanger  each  hour  and  report  status. 
The  hanger  is  locked  and  no  one  is  allowed  inside. Edwards  security  personnel  have  been  instructed  never to  enter  the  hanger  even  if  it  has  been  broken  into. 
I  have  also  confirmed  the  existence  of  alien material  at  a  hanger  designated  HANGER  1051  at Edwards  AFB.  Below  is  the  insignia  that  is  on  the alien  craft.  It  is  called  a  TRILATERAL  INSIGNIA.  I  do not  know  what  it  means. 
It  is  in  GRUDGE/BLUE  BOOK  REPORT  NO.  13  and  my sources  confirm  that  this  is  the  alien  flag,  so  to speak.  It  is  an  equilateral  triangle  divided  by  three parallel  lines. There  were  two  other  alien  symbols  in  the  naval intelligence  papers  I  saw  in  1972.  I  do  not  know  what the  "teepee"  looking  one  means,  but  it  was  on  all uniforms  and  in  the  photographs.  I  was  told  that  the other  with  the  extended  base  line  is  used  to  mark alien  landing  sights  in  some  way.* 
*  Bill  Cooper  Note:  “In  hypnosis,  the  bottom  line  on  lower  right  symbol  does  not  exist.  ” Also  see  Cimarron  case  first  paragraph  on  page  370. 197 


The  triangle  has  often  been  mentioned  in  UFO  abduction  literature.  It  is  a  symbol  that  people  claim  to  have  seen  in  alien  craft.  One man  from  New York  state  said  that  when  he  was  age  eight  in  1955,  he was  taken  by  beings  into  a  craft.  He  was  examined  and  a  small  cylindrical  metal  object  approximately  1mm  by  4mm  was  inserted  under his  skin.  Afterward,  the  beings  gave  him  a  parchment-like  “paper” with  the  English  alphabet  written  on  it.  Next  to  each  letter  and  letter combinations  was  a  matching  symbol  in  the  alien  language. He  was  told  that  triangles  are  used  to  separate  sentences  as periods  are  used  in  the  English  language.  “I  stuck  the  parchment with  the  symbols  on  it  in  my  pocket  and  later  hid  it  in  the  rafters  of the  house  where  I  lived  with  my  parents.  Before  I  hid  it,  I  copied  the symbols  down  on  another  piece  of  paper  which  I  kept  in  my  wallet for  a  long  time.”  Below  is  that  list  reprinted  with  his  permission. 


There  is  another  Earth  language  mentioned  as  similar  to  the alien  symbols,  but  it  does  not  contain  prominent  triangle  symbols.  I was  told  by  a  government  source  that  Bhutan  and  Tibet  are  cultures on  this  planet  with  historic  connections  in  culture  and  language  to at  least  one  of  the  alien  groups  involved  with  Earth.  Below  is  Tibetan script  printed  from  an  engraved  seal.  The  characters  are  similar  to Sanskrit,  the  language  of  the  Hindu  inhabitants  of  India  dating  back to  about  1500  B.C. 199 


On  January  10,  1989,  Bill  Cooper  issued  on  CompuServe  and ParaNet  a  revised  “Final  Release”  of  his  information  about  the  briefing  papers  he  saw  in  1972.  (See  Appendix  11.)  Before  that,  he  gave some  insight  into  his  reason  for  communicating  the  classified  information  after  sixteen  years  of  silence. 


Computer  Statement  by  Bill  Cooper,  December  18,1988. 

"I  am  the  son  of  an  Air  Force  officer  and  was  reared on  Air  Force  bases  all  over  the  world.  My  father  was  a pilot.  As  a  child  I  repeatedly  overheard  pilots  and  airmen discuss  strange  stories  involving  UFOs,  Foo  Fighters, strange  crashes  of  craft  'not  from  here,'  and  other subjects  that  were  exciting  to  me  at  the  time. 
"I  graduated  from  high  school  in  Japan  and  shortly thereafter  joined  the  Air  Force.  I  finished  basic  at Lackland  Air  Force  Base  and  was  assigned  to  the  Strategic Air  Command.  I  was  an  Aircraft  and  Missile  Pneudraulic* Technician.  During  my  training,  instructors  would  regale us  with  tales  of  lonely  nights  spent  on  flight  lines, alert  pads  and  missile  silos.  They  told  of  strange  alien craft  that  would  come  down  and  paralyze  the  men  on  station and  then  remove  the  warhead  from  the  missile  and  disappear at  fantastic  speed.  I  met  a  sergeant  who  told  me  that  he was  part  of  a  team  that  transported  such  a  large  crashed disk  that  it  could  only  be  moved  at  night  on  back  roads and  fences,  and  poles  had  to  be  torn  down  and  replaced  as the  convoy  passed. 

*  Air  Force  occupational  specially  combines  pneumatics  and  hydraulics, which  involves  pressurized  air  and  fluids.

"I  listened  to  all  these  stories  and  wondered  what  was going  on  but  didn't  really  believe  them.  I  was  discharged from  the  Air  Force  in 1965. I  was  very  adventurous  at the  time  and  joined  the  Navy  in  December  of 1965. I volunteered  for  submarines  and  was  assigned  to  the  USS Tiru  (SS-416)  at  Pearl  Harbor,  Hawaii.  On  a  cruise  to  the  Portland  and  Seattle,  Washington  area,  I  was  on  lookout and  saw  a  UFO  the  size  of  an  aircraft  carrier  rise  up  out of  the  water  and  disappear  into  the  clouds  while  we  were on  the  surface  and  I  was  the  Port  lookout.  It  descended back  down  into  the  water  and  rose  back  up  into  the  clouds again  several  times.  It  was  witnessed  by  myself,  the Starboard  lookout,  the  Officer  of  the  deck,  the  Captain, and  the  Chief  Quartermaster  who  took  pictures.  We  were told  not  to  discuss  it  with  anyone  ever. 
"Upon  docking  at  Pearl  after  our  return,  a  man  in  plain clothes  came  aboard  and  talked  to  each  of  us  with  only  the Captain  present.  He  identified  himself  as  an  ONI  (Office of  Naval  Intelligence)  intelligence  officer.  He  asked  me what  I  saw.  I  began  to  tell  him  and  he  yelled  at  me  to stop.  Then  he  again  asked  me  what  I  saw.  I  told  him  that I  had  not  seen  anything  and  he  smiled  at  me  and  told  me  I was  a  very  good  sailor.  He  told  me,  'Right  answer,'  and dismissed  me.  I  soon  grew  tired  of  the  cramped  quarters  of a  submarine  and  de-volunteered.  The  rest  of  my  history  is as  follows: 

My  primary  military  occupation  is  Quartermaster (Navigation).  My  secondary  NEC  is  9545  Internal  Security. 
USS  Tombigbee  (AOG  11)  Pacific  and  Vietnam  sea  duty. 
Camp  Carter,  Vietnam  Naval  Security  and  Intelligence, Danang  Harbor  Patrol  (gather intelligence  and  secure  the harbor)  and  Cua  Viet  (DMZ)  river patrol  duty  (gather  intelligence and  secure  the  river). 
USS  Charles  Berry DE  1035 Pacific  sea  duty. 
CINCPACFLT  STAFF  Commander  in  Chief  of  the  Pacific Fleet  Staff  -  OPSTAT  reporting  and Naval  Intelligence  Briefing  Team Petty  Officer  of  the  Watch  in  the Command  Center. 
USS  Orinskany  CVA-34  Pacific  sea  duty. 
Honorable  Discharge  December  1975  Rank  E-6 

Since  leaving  the  Navy,  I  have  worked  at  several  companies engaged  in  work  for  the  government  or  the  intelligence community.  Some  of  this  work  involved  training  foreign military  personnel.  I  have  also  obtained  a  college  degree in  photography. I  am  not  now  connected  with  the  government  or  the intelligence  community,  except  for  friends  that  I  have made  over  the  years.  Currently  I  head  a  technical  college in  California. I  think  everyone  has  a  right  to  know  what's  going  on. I  would  not  want  my  ex-wife  and  kids  to  be  hit  by  this stuff  cold." 


Bill  Cooper  explained  to  me  his  reasons  for  going  public  in more  depth  during  several  hours  of  phone  calls  in  early  January 1989.  I  asked  him  to  remember  as  much  detail  as  he  could  about the  black  and  white  photographs  he  saw  in  the  “GRUDGE/BLUE BOOK  Report  No.  13”  when  he  was  stationed  in  Hawaii.  I  was  most curious  about  two  distinct  alien  types  shown  in  the  GRUDGE  photographs,  especially  one  with  a  large  beak  nose.  It  was  like  the  beings that  landed  at  Holloman  AFB  on  April  25,  1964,  described  by  Bob Emenegger and shown in his book illustration allegedly made from the 16mm film at the alien landing.
I asked Bill Cooper if I could record our phone conversations
and use portions of the transcript in this book. He agreed. I also
asked Bill for a copy of his DD-214 honorable discharge papers and
a notarized, sworn statement. See Appendix 11.
On the eve of his wedding in 1972, Bill was so troubled by the
information he had seen that he showed a photocopied outline of
the information to an old friend named Robert Swan. I talked to Mr.
Swan who recalls vividly Bill Cooper’s agitation, the notes that Bill
held up in front of his face, the conversation about extraterrestrials
on Earth, on the back side of the moon and sightings of alien craft
by astronauts. (See Appendix 11.)
The following portions of an interview of mine with Bill Cooper
were recorded by phone on January 10, 1989.


COOPER:	All the photographs I saw were contained in
GRUDGE/BLUE BOOK Report No. 13. There were
no photographs in the MAJORITY papers. The photographs 
were printed copies of 8 x 10 black and white
photographs.
HOWE:	How many photographs were there?
COOPER:	I would say approximately fifteen to twenty. The majority
pertained to autopsy material. There were also photographs 
of downed recovered craft. There were photographs 
of the live aliens.
HOWE:	Were the craft in pieces of wreckage or whole?
COOPER:	The ones that I saw in the photographs were whole.
Compared to the people who were standing next to the
craft, I would say the craft was approximately thirty feet
, in diameter. It sat on tripod legs. There were jacks under
the craft also. It was in what appeared to be a hangar. It
appeared in the B & W photographs to be a dull metal
color. And beyond that, I really didn’t pay that much
attention to the craft because I was overwhelmed by the
photographs of the aliens.
HOWE:	Let’s talk about those photographs of the aliens.
What did you see?
COOPER:	I saw photographs of two different types * of aliens called
“greys”. One was the small creature that people normally
see or report in abductions. The description of them is
basically the same as what has been reported - they
have four fingers, four digits on their hands. The palm
was very long. There was webbing between the fingers.
They had four almost claw-like toes with webbing between
the toes.
HOWE:	Were the ends of the hands clawed?
COOPER:	They appeared to look like claws, but I don ’t believe there
was an actual claw there. I don’t believe it was like a
cat’s claw or a dog’s claw. When you look at them, it
reminds you, the ends of the digits remind you of claws,
the way they are shaped.
HOWE: 	So what did you think they were if they weren’t
claws?
COOPER:	I thought it was flesh, maybe a tough, real tough skin.
HOWE:	Meaning that they tapered to such a narrow point
it looked like claws?
COOPER:  Right. 

* Cooper said that a third alien type was referenced. The name in the
briefing paper was the “Orange” and they were said to be much taller and
maintained a policy of non-interference.

HOWE:  Describe further what you saw in  the photographs. 
COOPER:  The creatures were very small. The head was larger out of  proportion to  what  a human head is  on  a human body. It  wouldn’t be  twice the proportion, maybe  1.6  or 1.7  times bigger, something like that. The eyes were very large, black, opaque, no  pupil. Drawing by  Bill Cooper, January  20,1989. COOPER:  Some of  the bodies looked like they were in  states of  decomposition. Some of  the bodies looked like they had been recovered shortly after they had died and were preserved in  a pretty good state. They had  a very large, looked like either  a bigger rib cage or  more ribs than what we  have. They had what looked like  a tough, leathery type of  skin. I don  %  know if  that was because they were dead that it looked like that or  not. But in  the GRUDGE  13  report it also described them as  having an  almost reptile-like skin. 
They had no ears as we know them. Just a hole in
the head. There was a very, very slight raised part where
the nose should be and two nostrils sort of flat on the
face. They did not have a jutting chin. It seemed like
right below where the nostrils are, the face just dropped
straight down and there was a small, slit mouth. It did
not appear to me that they had any lips. Or if they did,
they were very small.
They were described, and it looked like it in the
photographs, that their skin was very, very pale. Almost
white colored. Except for the ones that were in decomposed 
state. They looked like a body that was in states of
decomposition; the skin was dark and ugly.
They were described as having two brains: an anterior 
(front) brain and a posterior (back) brain with no
obvious connection between the two at the brain portion.
There was described what appeared to be a set of
lungs connected together with a heart, but there was
another heart in the body, too.
The fluid in what we would call a circulatory system
was said to be a chlorophyll-based liquid. It showed a
picture of a shrunken up and shriveled digestive system
that appeared at one time was similar to ours, but now
is absolutely useless - that’s the way it was described in
the report.
It was said that they can take fluids in through their
mouth in small portions or they can soak a fluid in
through their skin and that’s how they feed. And that the
food material is converted to energy through photosynthesis 
by chlorophyll and the waste material is excreted
through the skin.
HOWE:	Did it describe what the creatures are in an evolutionary 
sense?
COOPER:	It described them as being insect-like. I don’t know if
they meant looks, or they meant biology, or what. The
papers commented that because of the chlorophyll base,
there was a question about whether they had evolved
from plant life and it was stated that it was not known
at this time.

We then spent several minutes discussing the size of the little
grey creatures’ eyes. Bill estimated that if the scale of the head were
ten inches high, each eye would have been two and a half inches
from corner to corner and two inches wide from bottom to top.

COOPER:	There was a slant, but it was a slight slant, maybe ten
to fifteen degrees slant. But it was not exaggerated like
the large-nosed greys. (Howe Note: Big Nose Grey eyes
reported to slant at 40 to 45-degree-angles.)
HOWE:	In terms of the shape, what would be the closest
shape of the little greys’ eyes that you can think of
in human terms?
COOPER:	Like an egg, maybe ...so the narrow part would face
each other and the eyes got larger as they went out. Just
the opposite of the Big Nose Greys where the almond
shaped larger part was toward the center and it got narrower 
as it went out.
HOWE:	The head in relationship might be how big?
COOPER:	The head was big in proportion to the body. If you had
a human being four feet tall with the correct size head,
these heads would be at least one and a half times bigger.
HOWE:	The arms?
COOPER:	Were long. They reached all the way down to the knees.
HOWE:	Did they wear a garment or were you looking at
naked bodies?
COOPER:	They were naked bodies. [Howe Note: Later information
indicates some ETs are biological androids with fabric
“skin”.] I did not see any sexual organs. I did not see
any mammaries or nipples. I did not see any belly button. 
I did not see any body hair at all. All the little greys
looked exactly alike except for the ones that had been in
some sort of state of decomposition because those were
much darker, like they had a real dark tan.
HOWE:	Let’s	talk about the other types of aliens you saw
in the photographs.
COOPER:	Those	are the ones that the government made a treaty
with. I call them the “Big Nose Greys“. And they were
small size also, but they were, it seemed to me, larger
than the little greys by at least a half a foot or maybe a
whole foot. Somewhere between four and a half and five
feet tall.
HOWE:	Were	they standing, sitting, lying down?
COOPER:	There	were five standing against a wall that was concrete, 
stark. In another photograph, there were three
standing against a wall.
COOPER:  Another  photograph  showed  a  bunch  in  a  group  in  a stark,  concrete  room.  They  looked  almost  bewildered,  if you  could  use  a  human  term.  Or  very  upset. They  had  a  huge  hooked  nose  like  it  came  out  from  the head  to  a  bump  and  then  came  down  to  like  a  hook almost.  Large  nostrils.  They  had  Oriental-shaped  eyes, which  slanted  a  very,  very  exaggerated  slant,  at  least  a 45-degree  slant  upward. The  large  part  of  the  almond  shape  was  toward  the center  and  it  got  narrower  as  it  went  up  and  out.  The eyes  were  dark.  There  seemed  to  be  a  lighter  portion  that enclosed  a  round,  circular  pupil.  The  pupil  had  a  vertical  slit  which  appeared  to  almost  glow  white  in  the  black and  white  photographs. 

Drawing  by  Bill  Cooper,  January  20,1989. 

Drawing  by  Bill  Cooper,  January  20,1989. 
(Howe  Note:  William  English,  who  saw  the  GRUDGE  Report No.  13  in  England  in  1977  (pages  61-64),  said  there  were  color photographs  in  that  report.  He  described  vertical  slits  in  those  nonhuman  eyes  as  being  a  light  yellow-green.) 

COOPER: It  had  the  appearance  of  glowing  against  the  dark  rest  of the  eye.  It  almost  jumped  out  at  you. They  had  what  appeared  to  be  a  wide  mouth,  like  a  slit that  almost  wrapped  around  the  front  of  the  head.  I don't  remember  any  lips. 
HOWE:  Any  teeth? 
COOPER:  I  don’t  remember  seeing  any  teeth.  They  had  a  large  jaw, large  lower  jaw. HOWE:  Can  you  give  a  comparison  to  a  human  jaw? 
COOPER:  In  proportion  to  ours,  from  the  bottom  of  the  mouth, which  would  be  our  lip,  to  the  bottom  of  their  jaw,  it’s about  one  and  a  half  to  two  times  the  distance  of  a normal  human  jaw.  It  wasn’t  tapered.  Just  a  very  strong jaw. HOWE: Could  you  talk  more  about  the  shape  and  size of  the  alien  head  compared  to  a  human,  both  in front  and  profile? COOPER:  It  seems  to  me  that  the  Big  Nose  Greys  had  a  head  more like  a  human  head  would  be  proportioned  to  our  body. Not  overly  large  like  the  small  greys.  But  it  appeared  to me  to  be  a  little  bit  larger  than  a  normal  human  head. HOWE:  In  profile? COOPER:  In  profile,  the  nose  stands  out  like  the  Rock  of  Gibraltar. 

Drawing  by  Bill  Cooper,  January  20,1989. 211 

COOPER:  It did appear to me that the back of the head went back
like some of the Egyptian drawings where the head is exaggerated 
back compared to the neck. But the Big Grey’s
nose - that’s very pronounced. You’d almost trip over
the nose looking at the photographs.
I don’t remember every detail. The important thing is for
people to understand that they are here and that there is
an agreement with the government and they are doing
bad things.
HOWE:	Did you see any of the little greys in profile?
COOPER:	There were some photographs of them in profile lying on
a slab. And I would have to say their head was almost
teardrop-shaped from the side and sitting on the neck at
an angle.
HOWE:	Did the report say anything about the colors of
the Big Nose Greys’ eyes?
COOPER:	The photographs were in black and white and I don’t
remember reading any text that described the color of the
eyes. What struck me was that the eyes looked very sinister,
almost evil. They had a tendency to rivet you to the eyes.
I don’t know if they really glowed or if it’s because the
pupil seemed to be a white or light color against the dark
background of the rest of the eye. The pupils just stood
out because they were so white in the black and white
photograph, almost like the white of the paper.
HOWE:	What exactly was the shape of the vertical slit that
appeared to glow? Was it straight up and down or
curved at top and bottom?
COOPER:	Just like a slit - a straight slit.
HOWE:	Can you give some dimensions of the	whole eye?
COOPER:	It started out as a rounded almond shape	at the center
and went up to a point at the top. Maybe the Big Nose
Grey eyes were one-half to three-quarters of an inch
wide (from lower lid to upper lid) at the widest. And
two inches wide from corner to corner. They looked very
Oriental. If you took an Oriental person’s eyes and
slanted them up and stretched them out, that’s what the
Big Nose Greys’ eyes would look like.
HOWE:	How much of that two inches did the iris, the
lighter circular part, seem to take up?
COOPER:	Probably a little over half an inch.
HOWE:	Then in that half an inch circle, how much would
the white vertical slit take up?
COOPER:	Probably a quarter of an inch.
HOWE:	So half of the circular “iris” was taken up	by the
white vertical slit pupil?
COOPER:	That sounds right to me, looking at it in	my mind.
HOWE:	What about the hands and feet?
COOPER:	The hands that I saw seemed to be small in comparison
to ours, but the digits on the hand -I saw three and they
appeared to be thick compared to ours and they looked
clumsy.
The feet appeared to be small in the same ratio as the
little aliens’ feet were, but they were covered. The big nose
aliens were wearing a one-piece suit that came all the
way up and covered the sides of their head. I wasn’t able
to see ears at all.
HOWE:	The color of the suit?
COOPER:	It appeared to be metallic, like light silver. Remember
these are black and white photographs, so I don’t know
if it was silver or not, but it appeared to be metallic and
real light colored.
HOWE:	Was it like a snowsuit covering feet, legs, torso, arms?
COOPER:	More like a tight-fitting flight suit. My dad was a pilot
and that’s the closest I can come.
HOWE:	We would think of boots being separate from the
legs of a garment.
COOPER:	No, this was attached. One piece.
HOWE:	So, the only flesh part of the aliens that you could
see in the photographs was the front of the faces
and the hands?
COOPER:	Yes. And their physique was not big. It was like you were
looking at a frail person. Not frail, but not a healthy
human man, I would say.
HOWE:	On the suit, was there a belt or markings?
COOPER:	Yes, there was. There was the “teepee triangle” that you
and I discussed earlier. (Page 197.) Everyone of them
had it on their uniform.
HOWE:	Was	there anything in the papers that explained
what the other triangle symbol was about?
COOPER:	They called it a TRILATERAL INSIGNIA and they did
not explain what it meant at all.
HOWE:	Was	there anything in the documents about the
color of the big nose aliens’ skin.
COOPER:	Oh, yes. The documents said they were like the little
greys, anywhere from a light green to a pasty, dough-like
color with varying shades in between. The documents
discussed that the color depends upon the state of health
and whether or not they had recently fed. Apparently
when they feed and have just fed, their body is absorbing
this energy and the photosynthesis process is going on,
they have a light green color. The longer they go from
having been fed, the lighter their skin color gets. Or if
they are in a bad state of health, I guess.
HOWE:	Did	it say anything in the papers you saw in 1972
about what the alien creatures feed upon?
COOPER:	Yes,	it did. It said they needed biological substances to
feed on.
HOWE:	Did	it specify any knowledge in those papers about
what the biological substances are?
COOPER:	It said that the aliens were taking blood and biological
substances from humans and animals. What I’m saying 
now was not contained in the GRUDGE No. 13
Report that the photographs were in. This information
about feeding was contained in the other paper, which
was called the MAJORITY document. And it specifically
stated that the aliens had violated the agreement with
our government by mutilating animals and abducting
humans; that the abductions of humans were supposed
to be for medical examination only.
HOWE:	Was there anything in the GRUDGE No. 13
Report or the MAJORITY document in 1972
that specifically outlined or described animal
mutilations?
COOPER:	Yes. They said that the aliens were definitely responsible
for animal mutilations. It described the mutilations, that
organs were removed, that the rectum was taken out as a
plug, that the blood was removed from the body with no
vascular collapse. Same thing with some humans, too.
All this was done with some sort of an instrument that
could cut between the cells. That the blood was taken
from the body with no vascular collapse. That was
discussed in detail because they considered that to be very
serious.
HOWE:	Did the paper discuss when the government was
aware that this had begun?
COOPER:	No. It was some time after they made the agreement with
the aliens that the government began to discover that
the creatures were doing what they weren’t supposed to
do. I got the impression that the government wasn’t so
concerned about the animal mutilations. But the human
mutilations and disappearances of people they were very
concerned about. And they were also concerned because
they did not believe that the aliens were furnishing them
(government) with a complete list of human abductees
and contacts.
HOWE:	Did it say anything in the paper about the exact
date of the agreement with the Big Nose Greys?
COOPER:	It gave an exact date, but I can’t remember.
HOWE:	Do you recall the decade?
COOPER:	Yeah, the decade they made the agreement was in the	1960s.
HOWE:	Do you think the agreement had anything to	do
with the Holloman landing? Was there any reference 
in the papers you saw?
COOPER:	Yes. They discussed the Holloman landing. And that
was after they had established communications with
the aliens in Project SIGMA. They discussed that they
had used the computer binary language and that it had
been broadcast over high frequency radio waves. They
had established communications and had arranged the
landing at Holloman. The aliens landed at Holloman
and they reached a basic agreement, which was that they
would meet at a later date to discuss and formulate a
formal treaty between the two nations (United States and
the Big Nose Greys) and that a hostage was exchanged.
This hostage was named Krlll, or Crlll. That is a name
with no vowel.
HOWE:	Did the papers talk about the return of the aliens
and the second meeting in any detail?
COOPER:	It	didn’t talk about it in detail and did not say where
it was. But it said that the other meeting occurred, that
they had reached an agreement and had formulated a
formal treaty. It discussed the terms of the treaty. And as
I remember it, the terms of the treaty were that we (U.S.)
would agree not to reveal their presence on this planet.
That we would not interfere in any way with what they
were doing. That we would allow them on a periodic
and limited basis - and it specifically stated ‘periodic
and limited basis’ - to abduct humans for the purpose
of medical examination. And that humans would be
returned intact with no damage to them and they would
have no memory of the occurrence. And that the aliens
would furnish the government with a list of all abductees
and human contacts during the preceding period on a
regular basis. It did not say the time frame. Or if it did,
I don’t remember it. And in exchange for this, we were
to receive technology from the aliens and that we would
work with them to learn what they knew. They were
described as being at least 50,000 years ahead of us.
HOWE:	Did	the papers say anything about why humans
involved in these communications would accept
such terms?
COOPER:	Yes,	it did. It said that the aliens had told them that they
were benevolent, that they had created the human race
through cross-breeding with a primitive ape-like creature,
which they later described as having been Cro-Magnon
man (the product of the alien cross-breeding). They
described the aliens as having created our religions and
that they had done this in order to hasten the formation
of a civilized intelligent race and to be able to control
and manipulate us through the religions on the right
path to being able to take our place in the universe. And
it stated the government believed what they told them,
because the aliens could show holographic pictures in a
crystal device of various times on the Earth.
It also stated in the briefing papers, that they believed the
aliens had lied to them and that the aliens had a tendency 
to lie, that they were practicing deception, that they
had deviated from the agreement by kidnapping humans
that were never returned, by mutilating humans, by
abducting humans, by implanting a device in humans.
HOWE:	Was there anything in the papers about what our
government is trying to do about it?
COOPER:	It said the President, which President I don’t recall, had
commissioned a group of men to sift through the evidence
and facts, lies and deceptions, to get to the truth of the
alien question. I remember it also stated in the briefing
papers that they had prepared a place in the wilderness
in one of the states in the United States that could only
be reached by air. That it had living facilities, meeting
facilities, had a library containing everything that is
known about the aliens, that it had kitchen facilities,
fully staffed, had recreation facilities. There were no
roads anywhere near it or out from it and it could only
be reached by the air. And in the papers, it was called the
‘Country Club’. In fact, it stated that the Country Club
was the code name for this place.
HOWE:	Was there any information about why this material
in the briefing papers you saw was necessary to
communicate to Admiral Clarey?
COOPER:	No. That was not discussed in the briefing as to why he
should know it. But there is one of two possibilities. One
is that Admiral Clarey was responsible for all the Naval
forces covering one-half of the world in which alien craft
could crash and need to be recovered. His help would be
needed to do that, the help of the Navy to do that. The
other possibility is that this briefing was the result of
Naval intelligence getting hold of this information and
briefing the Navy brass on it, on a secret organization
that they had no prior knowledge of because the services
do that. They do spy on each other and try to know
what’s going on about what the others are doing.
HOWE:	So, why is Milton William Cooper talking about all
this?
COOPER:	That’s a hard question. I’ve lived with this for over sixteen 
years before I finally said anything about it. But it’s
caused me terrible anguish inside and a lot of personal
problems keeping this information locked up.


Bill Cooper and I talked about the government’s policy of silence. 
Bill explained that during his own years of silence, he kept
hoping the government was in control of the situation. But now
he is worried. His major concern is that all people should have access 
to this information. Ignorance about the aliens’ presence on
the planet, he believes, has been useful to the ETs. Even though
the government is afraid of public hysteria, Cooper believes public
awareness could weaken the aliens’ ability to intervene in human
lives. Or at least if everyone knew that the aliens were here, perhaps
a more equitable balance could be established between Earth and
the aliens.
Bill now feels he has a personal responsibility to get information
to the public. Since his December 18, 1988, computer network communication, 
he says he has had two phone threats and one anonymous 
call that said, “Some of us are cheering you on.”


Around Christmas 1988, Bill met a man at a holiday party who
had been in the Army for twenty-one years and was assigned to
Delta Security. Bill asked him if he knew about Project REDLIGHT.
The Army man nervously acknowledged that he had heard of it.
Bill asked the man to read the MAJIC material he had released on
December 18, 1988. On Christmas Eve, they met to discuss Bill’s
information. The following notes and conversation reported by Bill
Cooper occurred at a picnic table in a park.


Bill Cooper: “The first thing that he (Army man) said was
that he never wanted his name connected with anything that I ever did or
said and that he never wanted to see me again after our meeting. I agreed
to those terms.
“I then asked him why he had agreed to talk to me about his involvement 
(knowledge about Project REDLIGHT and other projects related
to UFOs).
“For the same reason that you are talking about it”, he replied.
“The whole thing is very grim and it won’t get better.”
“I asked him if he wanted me to ask questions or if he would
just like to narrate. He told me to ask questions and when I pulled out my
tape recorder, he told me not to use it because voice identification was possible. 
I asked if I could take notes and he agreed to notes only.”
BILL:	Where did you see the TRILATERAL INSIGNIA
that I drew for you at the party and that you saw in
my computer file?
MAN:	On a flying saucer that I guarded at Edwards Air Force
Base in California. I saw it again on different saucers
when I was at Area 51 in Nevada. Your file is pretty
accurate as to what I know. I was surprised by the extent
of your knowledge.
BILL:	I saw some of the information and have other
sources. That file is the product of seventeen years
of searching. In fact, a lot of it came from doing
what we are doing now, just talking to people.
Can you tell me how you came to see the saucer at
Edwards?
MAN:	I was assigned to guard a hangar at Edwards. At the
time, I didn’t know what was in it.
BILL:	What was the name of the hangar?
MAN:	The hangar had no number or name. We called it the
Delta hangar.
BILL:	Can you tell me where it is located?
MAN:	It is on the North Base. It’s the only hangar off by itself
and no one is allowed near it without a special badge
and clearance.
BILL:	What does the badge look like?
MAN:	It is a red badge with a black triangle on the face of it
and personal information on the back, like any other ID.
BILL:	How did you see the saucer?
MAN:	The	hangar is only entered through one door. Inside the
door is the guardroom. On the other side of the guardroom 
is a door that goes into an office. On the other side
of the office is another door. We were not allowed out of
the guardroom, but one night the duty officer asked me if
I knew what I was guarding. I said, ‘No, it was not my
job to know. ’ He asked me if I would like to see. I thought
he was checking me out and told him it wasn’t necessary. 
He motioned for me to follow him and then took me
through the office and into the hanger. I saw the saucer
sitting on legs and it seemed to have jacks under it also.
BILL:	Can you describe it for me?
MAN:	It was about thirty feet in diameter, metal, but not shiny.
Like tarnished silver.
BILL:	How thick was it?
MAN:	About fifteen to eighteen feet thick.	It had the insignia
(trilateral) on the underside and again on the top.
BILL:	Did you see any openings?
MAN:	No, but I only saw one side and it	was	only for about
three or four minutes.
BILL:	Was it round?
MAN:	Oh, yes. Just like the movies.
BILL:	Were there any windows?
MAN:	There was what looked to be windows around the raised
portion, but I could not see inside.
BILL:	Were they round?
MAN:	No, they were rectangular. I also saw a groove around
the saucer about four feet from the edge all the way
around and it was on the top and bottom. There was an
area on the bottom that looked like vents or louvers (slats
like window shutters).
BILL:	What did the officer say to you?
MAN:	Only that he did not show me anything and we went
back to the guardroom. Then he left.
BILL:	Isn’t that unusual?
MAN:	Everything I did or saw on Delta was unusual. I saw
people break down and cry for no reason at times.
When things like that occurred, you would never see
that man again.
BILL:	What happened to them?
MAN:	I don’t know and didn't ask.
BILL:	Let’s deviate from this for awhile. Do you mind?
MAN:	No, I don’t.
BILL:	How did you get into Delta security?
MAN:	I was recruited into the National Reconnaissance
Organization (NRO) and went to Fort Carson,
Colorado. After a lot of training, I was screened for
Delta and then assigned to Delta.
BILL:	Why did they recruit you?
MAN:	I was told that it was because I was an orphan. If something 
happens to someone connected to a secret project
and they have family, the family could compromise the
project in just trying to find out what happened to their
loved one.
BILL:	Is everyone in Delta orphans?
MAN:	Just about - either that or their family died or was
killed later in life.
BILL:	Didn’t that bother you? I mean what could be	so
secret that they have to use orphans?
MAN:	Some of the things I’ve seen ... the stories ... especially
concerning DREAMLAND. Did you know there are
bounty hunters connected with DREAMLAND ?
BILL:	What do you mean?
MAN:	If you work at DREAMLAND and go on leave or pass
and are not back on time or if someone doesn’t come
back, they send bounty hunters after you. That’s where
the ‘visitors ’ - you know what I mean - live. There is an
underground facility. I don’t think I should say anymore. 
Most of the time I was there I can’t even remember
anyway. * We were supposed to talk about REDLIGHT.

* Military sources say a chemical is used to erase memory of people after
assignments to TOP SECRET/MAJIC locations.

BILL:	I don’t remember agreeing to talk only about
REDLIGHT. Is this a new condition?
MAN:	Yes. I don’t want to talk about anything else. I will tell
you that very strange things happen at DREAMLAND.
BILL:	What do you mean when you say you can’t
remember?
MAN:	I can’t remember. I really don’t want to talk about
DREAMLAND. I won’t talk about it.
BILL:	Please don’t tantalize me. Either talk about it or
don’t, but don’t do this to me. What else can you say
about DREAMLAND? Can you tell me where it is?
MAN:	No, I can ’t talk about it. This is all very dangerous and
I am married now. I just can’t take a chance.
BILL:	OK, tell me about Area 51.
MAN:	Area 51 is at Groom Lake in Nevada. It’s the headquarters
of REDLIGHT. The saucers are flown there. It’s part
of the test range. It’s on the map. It’s just a dry lakebed
with a Top Secret installation built on and around it.
BILL:	Have you seen one fly?
MAN:	Yes. They are incredibly fast and make no noise at all.
BILL:	Is the one at Area 51 the same as the one at
Edwards AFB?
MAN:	One	was the same. The other one I saw	looks	like a
diamond, like in a woman’s engagement ring. If you
take the diamond out of a ring and turn it upside down,
that’s what it looks like.
BILL:	You mean literally like a diamond?
MAN:	No, but the shape is the same. It really glows,	but only
when it flies. On the ground, it is the same metal as the
saucer at Edwards. When it flies, it glows like the sun
and sometimes changes colors.
BILL:	How close were you when you saw it?
MAN:	Not close. No one was allowed to get close. I think it
emitted radiation because we were all required to wear
dosimeters* and they had to be checked daily.
BILL:	You mean it was atomic powered?

* Dosimeter is a piece of film in a small badge that is worn by personnel
when working in areas where they may be exposed to radiation.
The amount of film exposure determines the exact dose of radiation.

MAN:	I don’t know. I only know there was a definite radiation
hazard and our dosimeters were checked daily. We turned
them in to be checked and were issued new ones every day.
BILL:	How long did you stay at Area 51?
MAN:	The first time was for three months. Nobody ever stayed
more than a few months. The second time I was there
was for almost five months. It’s like wartime. There were
no passes while at Area 51. We had excellent recreation
facilities, though.
BILL:	I hate to press you, but I would like to know more
about DREAMLAND. My information seems
to conflict with yours. I have information that
the alien base is in New Mexico. Is that where
DREAMLAND is?
MAN:	There is more than one base and I have to go now. I
should not be talking to you about anything at all. It’s
all too dangerous. Even more than you think. I don’t
know everything, but I know that it’s way out of control. 
To tell you the truth, I’m afraid of what is going to
happen. Don’t ask me what, because I don’t know, but I
know something is going to happen. Giant underground
shelters are being built under Groom Lake. And in other
places. From reading your papers, you know more about
a lot of this than I do. I really do have to go now. It’s
Christmas Eve and I live a ways off.


=====================================================================
Epilogue


“When all the factors are weighed, it is possible to
understand the reported government intelligence belief that the
public can never be prepared. But accepting such a hopeless
attitude is a grave mistake.
The time has come to stop the long deception; the
deliberate discrediting of thousands of honest witnesses.
At any time, there could be a sudden development for
which we are totally unprepared. The secrecy, the censorship
must be stopped. ”
- Marine Corps Major (Ret.) Donald Keyhoe -
Aliens From Space© 1973
Reprinted by permission of Doubleday, a division of Bantam,
Doubleday, Dell Publishing Group, Inc.


December 1988 closed with another mutilation report from
Lonoke County, Arkansas. A longhorn cow was found two hundred
yards from rancher Pete Benham’s home in Bethlehem. Both
of the cow’s eyes, one ear, sex organs, udder bag and heart had
been removed. Larry Jones, Chief Deputy of the Lonoke Sheriff’s
Department said, “They didn’t just cut off the ear. They cut down in
the head and got all of the ear.” Like the other cases since Lady in
1967, there was no blood. Then in March 1989, there were the five
cows near Hope, Arkansas, discussed in Chapter 5 and a calf mutilated 
near Seminole, Oklahoma.
I am convinced that different prime intelligences and their respective 
menageries of cloned androids and hybrids are interacting
with Earth. I would like to know what each non-human group wants
and why the U. S. government is so silent about its communications
and agreements with extraterrestrials that it has long insisted do
not exist. Both the human and non-human agencies deceive and
misinform.
Confronted with the maze of illusions that appear to characterize 
the alien behavior, government silence might be the result of its
confusion about the situation and distrust of the aliens. Governments
by definition are supposed to protect the public welfare. Facing a
press conference to announce an alien presence that is neither fully
understood nor controlled is not an option bureaucratic officials
would voluntarily choose.
My good friend and editor Jim Westby said, “The idea of an
alien soul or intelligence is not in the realm of experience. It must
be transformed to be comprehensible to us. Otherwise, it will be
treated with indifference. I am essentially indifferent and I don’t
find it surprising in the least that the world is indifferent. You can
make aliens human, or god, or the devil. Then they are comprehensible. 
But they are no longer strictly scientific.”
Maybe those are right who have argued that the government is
frightened there will be social hysteria if the public learns alien life
forms are here harvesting Earth life for food and genetic experimentation 
that includes the production of clones and hybrids designed
to live on Earth - below and above ground. What if one of the alien
agendas is a slow motion invasion in which Homo sapiens sapiens is
replaced by a new ET-human hybrid model without ever knowing
what was happening? Neanderthals did not know Homo sapiens sapiens
would replace them.
Whatever the non-humans really want, the information leaked
from alleged government sources indicates the biological entities
are not new to Earth. The April 9, 1983, briefing paper I saw at
Kirtland AFB in Albuquerque said the extraterrestrials had been experimenting 
with Earth DNA for at least 25,000 years. But years after
that in December 1999, I was told by a retired DIA agent that three
different ET civilizations have terraformed this planet “for more than
270 million years” and manipulated genes in all kinds of life forms
that included the creation of dinosaurs and eventually standing
up primates, including the latest model, Cro-Magnon Homo sapiens
sapiens. Perhaps the animal and human sacrifices in various religions
through the centuries were inspired and controlled by alien intelligences 
to aid their harvests - first for sustenance and second for
genes because the ETs are dependent on cloning and hybridization
instead of sexual reproduction. Unaware humans were manipulated
into believing blood and animal sacrifices were pleasing “gods”.
There are so many contradictions and irrational aspects to the
phenomenon. Aliens with advanced beam technologies that can
neutralize gravity and evaporate matter don’t need to make deals
with human governments. If they wanted the Earth without us, they
could have accomplished a forceful invasion long ago. Instead, the
abduction encounters suggest that the alien life forms need our Earth
life. More information in the 21st Century from whistleblowers also
indicates that the ET life forms have weakened and deteriorated
physically after millennia of cloning. That’s why the ETs would need
stronger genetic stock to make stronger hybrids and would need to
harvest genetic material to use as band-aids for their own malfunctioning 
DNA and bodies.
Further, it has been suggested that some alien craft “crashes” have
been on purpose. The goal might have been to introduce themselves
dead, and thus vulnerable, to the military for examination purposes.
However, the sacrificed craft occupants appear to have been biological 
androids, programmed workers on assignment for prime intelligences. 
The advanced minds behind some of the small worker greys
are perhaps the Big Nose Greys, which landed at Holloman AFB on
April 25, 1964, and identified in an alleged March 1981 briefing for
President Ronald Reagan as “Archquloids” produced by EBENS with
“rapid cycle cloning.” Beyond the Big Nose Greys are the EBENs that
the American government seems to defer to as a prime intelligence
over most grey alien types.
But then there are the Tall Blonds, Tall Redhairs (Oranges?), Tall
Blackhairs, Tall Whites, Tall Greys and Reptilian Humanoids. What is
their relationship to the EBENs and Big Nose Greys? What does each
group want with Earth and Homo sapiens sapiens humans? One answer
from whistleblowers and human abductees is that the Grey EBENs
and Tall Blonds have warred with each other for eons, battling with
mind and timeline manipulations. But why?
The challenge of these complexities and the inability to prove
the truth in the web of alien deceits would no doubt baffle and
frighten officials and might panic the public. However, the late Dr.
Carl Jung, Swiss psychiatrist, wrote this observation to Major Keyhoe
about the UFO problem:
“Nothing helps rumors and panics more than ignorance. It is
self-evident that the public ought to be told the truth.”
The chart on page 181 shows the agencies involved in the UFO
and ET cover-up. Another agency that might play a critical role in
policies concerning the aliens is the Institute for Defense Analysis
(IDA). On April 5, 1956, IDA was created at the request of the
Secretary of Defense. Its purpose was to encourage increased interaction 
between scientists and engineers in universities and a small
group of analysts in the office of the Joint Chiefs of Staff known as
the Weapons Systems Evaluation Group (WSEG). IDA evolved to
become the “brain trust” of the Defense Advance Research Projects
Agency (DARPA). One of the most prominent consultants to WSEG
and IDA was former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger.
If gaining ET technologies to produce weapons and defense
strategies has been the U. S. government’s main goal in relationships
with the alien life forms, is it because the aliens’ motives have proved
to be changeable and perhaps some of their behavior insidious? “Star
Wars” under President Ronald Reagan was supposed to be an urgent
effort to develop weapons to use against particular ETs.
The variety of forms in which the aliens appear from clones to
hybrids to prime intelligences suggests not only different octaves of
intelligence, but mixed forces at work with mixed motives within
those octaves. No matter what our defense strategies and technologies 
are, the human race is weakened by policies of denial imposed
by scared governments.
Several people who have undergone hypnosis to recall a UFO
encounter have described sensing in the grey humanoid creatures
an urgency and desperation in their actions. Vestigial digestion and
sexual organs are unimaginable in the human species. We would
not be human if those critical organs became useless. In spite of the
aliens’ advanced technology and claim that they genetically engineered
Homo sapiens, perhaps some of the alien life forms cannot restore
their own ancient, damaged and deteriorating biology. That would
be the ultimate irony: they can make standing up primates such
as humans on various planets, but can’t repair their own damaged
DNA on their home planet, whether in the Zeta Reticuli 1 and 2
binary system as described by Betty and Barney Hill, or in other star
systems - or perhaps even in other dimensions and timelines.
Even though ETs have killed animals and traumatized many
humans, there have been rare incidents in which Grey entities or
Blond humanoids have healed people. Maybe the non-humans only
want a peaceful symbiotic relationship with humans to perpetuate
ET survival that depends upon human genes. Secrecy, no doubt,
makes genetic harvests, cloning and hybridization easier for them.
Or perhaps the physical intrusions on our planet are meant to
attract our attention, to provoke fear and awe to better control us,
and are linked to a long-term purpose that is more complex and
currently incomprehensible.
Maybe the alien creatures know something about this planet’s
future that we don’t. In 1983, a government source told me that the
Earth is “nearing the end of a human cycle”. I do not know what data
supports that statement. However, Bob Girard addressed a similar
theme in his book about octaves of intelligence. After comparing
humanity’s unchecked population growth and careless environmental
pollution to spreading crab grass, Girard concluded that another
octave of intelligence might be on the verge of exterminating imperfect 
humanity as humans would exterminate crab grass to protect a
lawn. In Biblical history, that is supposed to be what happened in the
times of Noah and Sodom and Gommorah. Bob wrote:
“The moral issue is: whether to annihilate the human plague
entirely and non-selectively as the biological infestation humans
are for the higher octave, or to first scan the human species and
remove the most highly aware members before exterminating the
unaware masses of the species. After a time, when the ‘pesticide’ has
worn off, this nucleus of highly aware humans could be returned
to the planet, to the human octave, to become the progenitors of the
next human cycle.
It has been said that one of the evils of any cycle of
civilization is the tendency for knowledge which equals power to
become concentrated among tiny cliques of intelligent men and
converted from a means with which to serve all mankind into a
means for forcing all of mankind to serve the knowledgeable. There
is truth in the human octave that ‘power corrupts; absolute power
corrupts absolutely’.
There is a point at which knowledgeable men begin to fear that
their knowledge would be misconstrued by ordinary men; that the
ordinary man was not ready to have certain knowledge/power
bestowed on him freely; that it is better for those few who know what
knowledge is and what it can do to use it ‘wisely’, and thus protect
man, in effect, from himself. There is, of course, a point at which
this reasoning ceases to reflect genuine concern by the knowledgeable 
and begins to reflect a lust for power over one’s neighbors and
a hypocrisy which must justify the lofty words.”*
* Source: Elements of the Equation by Robert C. Girard, September 1988.

History teaches us that often the common good is better served
if state secrets are opened to public consideration. For if there is one
truth that humans have a right to share, it is that Something is tampering
with this planet physically, psychologically and spiritually. Humanity
deserves the truth, especially if that truth requires a revolutionary new
perspective about our history, our future and our survival.


Overleaf  Photograph: January 28,1988, The little River News, Ashdown, Arkansas

West of Highway 41 - The light object above the horizon to the right was one of two unknown
objects observed in the sky at an estimated reading of 270 degrees and about five degrees above the
horizon. The lighted area near the center of the photo are two street lights and the lights at a house
near Highway 41. The photos were taken from the REA substation 5.4 miles south of Highway
32. The photographer used a time exposure of 30 seconds with an F-stop of 4 looking through a
300mm lens mounted on a tripod with 1,000ASA speed film. In the original color photo, red
streaks are visible, which an astronomer reviewed saying it was the path of stars,
but nothing in the star system would account for the brighter light.


“I  am  a  firm  believer  in  the  people. If  given  the  truth,  they  can  be  depended  upon  to meet  any  national  crisis.  The  great  point  is to  bring  them  the  real  facts.  ” -  Abraham  Lincoln  - Sixteenth  President  of  the  United  States 1809-1865 


====================================================================
Appendices


Appendix 1
President Ronald Reagan: Speech, May 5,1988;
Letter to President Reagan
from Justice for Military Personnel (J. M. P.), September 4, 1987
240-245

Appendix 2
Brief Biographies of 1947 MJ-12 Group
Listed in Nov. 18, 1952, Eisenhower Document Pages 171-178
246-250

Appendix 3
1983 Correspondence with Home Box Office
and Richard C. Doty, AFOSI Special Agent, Kirtland AFB
251-256

Appendix 4
October 17, 1987, Letter from Linda Moulton Howe to Just Cause;
March 5,1988, Letter from Richard C. Doty
to Larry Bryant, CAUS
257-263

Appendix 5
Kirtland AFB, Albuquerque, NM, 1980, UFO Intrusion
Near Nuclear Missiles
264-273

Appendix 6
Ellsworth AFB, Rapid City, SD, 1977, ETs Disarm Nuclear Missile
274-277

Appendix 7
McGuire AFB, Wrightstown, NJ, 1978, Alien Being Shot
278-282

Appendix 8
UFO at Edwards AFB, Near Palmdale, California, 1958, Eyewitness Account
283-284

Appendix 9
Project AQUARIUS
285-298

Appendix 10
Project SNOWBIRD
299-301

Appendix 11
1975 DD-214 Honorable Discharge Milton William Cooper;
February 10, 1989, Notarized Statement “Operation Majority”;
January 10, 1989, Final Release Computer Statement;
April 5, 1989, Letter from Robert Swan
302-313

Appendix 12
Complete Transcript of the March 13, 1980, Hypnosis Session
with Judy Doraty for A Strange Harvest
314-352

Appendix 13
Complete Transcript of Notes by Dr. Leo Sprinkle in Hypnosis Sessions
with Mother and Son Abduction, Cimarron, NM, in May 1980
353-387

Appendix 14
Houston KTRH NewsRadio Interview with Robert Emenegger about
UFO Landing at Holloman AFB, NM, Re-broadcast Thanksgiving Day, 1976
388-404

Appendix 15
March 22, 1950, FBI Memo about “Flying Discs or Flying Saucers”
405-406

Appendix 16
April 25, 1980, Letter about UFOs
from Major Donald E. Keyhoe, USMC Ret.
407-408

Appendix 17
Selected News Articles about Mutilation Reports, 1975 to 1988
409-435
239


Appendix 1

President Ronald Reagan: Speech, May 5, 1988;
Letter to President Reagan from Justice for Military Personnel,
September 4, 1987

Reagan  muses  on  space  threat ' I’ve  often wondered, what  if  all  of us  discovered we  were threatened  by a  power from  outer space?' President  Reagan  Reagan  lauds  Soviet  progress  on  rights/50   Colorado  bigwigs  consult  the  stars/16-S ■  Denverites  just  may  become  believers/16-S felt  was  the  most  important  need  in  international  relations. He  spoke  of  the  importance  of  frankness  and  for  a  desire for  peaceful  solutions,  and  he  went  on  to  say  that  there  have been  “about  114  wars”  since  World  World  II,  including conflicts  between  smaller  nations. “But  I’ve  often  wondered,  what  if  all  of  us  in  the  world discovered  that  we  were  threatened  by  an  outer  -  a  power from  outer  space,  from  another  planet?”  Reagan  said. “Wouldn’t  we  all  of  a  sudden  find  that  we  didn’t  have  any differences  between  us  at  all,  we  were  all  human  beings, citizens  of  the  world,  and  wouldn’t  we  come  together  to  fight that  particular  threat?”  the  president  said. Continuing,  Reagan  said,  “Well,  in  a  way  we  have  something  of  that  kind  today,  mentioning  nuclear  power  again.  We now  have  a  weapon  that  can  destroy  the  world,  and  why  don’t we  recognize  that  threat  more  clearly  and  then  come  together  with  one  aim  in  mind,  how  safely,  sanely  and  quickly  can we  rid  the  world  of  this  threat  to  our  civilization  and  our existence?” CHICAGO  (AP)  -  A  day  after  the  uproar  about  the  use  of astrology  at  the  White  House,  President  Reagan  said  yesterday  he  often  wonders  what  would  happen  if  the  Earth  were invaded  by  “a  power  from  outer  space.” Reagan  made  the  comment  during  a  question-and-answer session  after  a  Chicago  speech  when  someone  asked  what  he Invasion  might  spur  world  peace,  he  says  in  speech The  comment  drew  applause  from  the  members  of  the National  Strategy  Forum,  a  non-partisan  group  that  specializes  in  foreign  policy  and  national  security  issues. A  day  earlier,  White  House  spokesman  Marlin  Fitzwater acknowledged  that  first  lady  Nancy  Reagan  had  consulted  an astrologer  about  the  president’s  travel  and  schedule. Reagan  said  Tuesday  he  has  never  based  any  decision  “in my  mind”  on  astrological  forecasts,  but  he  avoided  a  question  about  astrological  influence  on  his  schedule. The  revelation  that  the  Reagans  follow  astrology  prompted  taunts  from  Congress  and  harsh  criticism  from  some scientists  who  consider  astrology  worthless. 241 Rocky  Mountain  News,  Denver,  Colorado,  May  5,1988 



U.S.  Military  Correspondence 

REQUEST FOR AN EXECUTIVE ORDER
J.M.P.  /  letter  to  President  Ronald  Reagan 
Reprinted copies to members of Congress and the press. 4 Dec. 1987
President  of  the  United  States 
The  White  House 
1600  Pennsylvania  Avenue 
Washington,  D.C.  20500
4  Sep.  1987  
Dear  Mr.  President: 
The  CIA  has  made  a mockery out  of  our constitution.  Our  elected representatives  have  no  idea  what  we  in  the  Military  have  done  and  are still  doing,  since  the  CIA  decided  that  "they  do  not  have  a  need  to  knew." Thus,  we  in  JMP  request  you,  the  President,  to  issue an  Executive  Order, making  it  mandatory  for  all  of  us in  the  Military  and  Government,  both active  and  retired,  who  have  knowledge  regarding  UFO's,  to  testify  with total  immunity  before  a  special  congressional  committee.  The  CIA  can  not object,  because  officially  "UFO'a  do  sot  exist." The  UFO cover-up  is  set  in  our  national  security  interest.  It  should be  stopped,  because,  it  hurts  military  morale.  Our  group,  Justice  for Military  Personnel  (JMP),  consists  of  retired  military  personnel  who  were affected  by,  or  involved  in  different  capacities  with  the  UFO  cover-up. Under  orders  of  the  CIA,  in  the  "interest  of  national  security",  we took part  in  intentionally  misleading  the  nation,  manipulating  the  press,  the courts  and  most  politicians.  Introduction: The  CIA  UFO  cover-up,  is  being  perpetrated  against  the  American  people and  not  our  potential  enemies.  The  Russians  have  a  whole  town  exclusively for  UFO  research.  The  CIA  insists  that  the  UFO  cover-up  oust  be  kept  at all  costs,  otherwise  the  military  will  be  ineffective.  The  CIA  correctly maintains,  that  military  personnel  will  disobey  orders  when  confronted  by UFO's.  For  example,  during  the  Vietnam  War,  pilots  refused  orders  to  fly night  missions  against  UFO's.  Since  fatal  accidents,  UFO  related,  are relatively  rare  (with  the  exception  of  the  Vietnem  War),  the  GIA  prefers  to maintain  the  cover-up. NSA,  NASA,  CIA,  RAND  and  AFOSI  associates,  have  informed  us  that  UFO's have  many  origins.  Some  obviously  represent  civilisations,  thousands  of years  more  advanced  than  we  ere.  Almost  everything  abaut  then,  their Motives  and  operations  are  strange  and  incomprehensible  to  us.  There  is little  we  can  do  to  protect  ourselves  from  them.  The  Air  Force  is  totally helpless  to  handle  the  situation,  bacause  of  UFOs'  incredible  flight performance.  The  CIA  and  Pentagon  are  bewildered  by  UFOs'  apparent  ability to  jam  all our  ground  and  air  electronic  equipment,  or  instantaneously disable  all  our  weapons  control  systems.  The  CIA  has decided  to  try  to understand  and duplicate  UFO  propulsion  systems  at  all  cost.  This  means that  pilot  lives have  bean  sacrificed  in  UFO  chases  to  got  "UFO  samples" for  research,  therefore  'Ignorance  is  Bliss'. RAND  maintains  that  the  CIA  is  gambling  that  a najor  catastrophe,  such as  the  July,  1952,  mass UFO  appearance  over  Washington,  D.C.,  and  the White  House,  will  not happen  again,  so that  no  "explanations"  will  be needed.  NORAD,  along  with  many of  us in  the  armed  forces,  bitterly  oppose perpetuation  of  this  cover-up,  pointing to the  public  panic  potential  of the  1952  disaster.  We  in  the  JMP  feel  that  too  many  military  personnel suffered  or  died  as a result  of  not  being  informed  about  UFO's.  It  is  time to  tell  our armed  forces  the  truth.  It  is  unconscionable  to  continue  to  use military  personnel  as  guinea  pigs. 
Crimes  we  committed  under  CIA  pressure: Forty  years ago the  cover-up  was  confined  to  a  very  few  individuals within  the  Military  and  Government.  Today,  many  thousands  are  effected  or involved.  This  deceitful  CIA  policy  is  breeding  resentment  in  the services,  for  we  were  ordered  to  act  illegally,  against  our  fellow  military personnel  and  our  nation.  Our  JMP  group  has  many  military  personnel  and others  who  are  waiting  to  testify.  The  following  are  a  few  examples  of deceptive  activities  we  carried  out  while  on  active  duty: 1.  We  intentionally  ordered  pilots  to  shoot  at  UFO's,  with  the  hope  of acquiring  a  UFO  for  research  purposes.  These  resulted  sometimes  in  instant explosions  and  death  to  the  pilots  or  instantaneous  "disappearances"  of pilot  and  plane.  The  UFOs'  occupants  seem  to  be  monitoring  all  of  our pilot's  actions.  We  analyzed  hundreds  of  UFO  gun  camera  films  and  it  seems that  some  UFO's  are  remote  controlled. 2.  We  have  strictly  silenced  military  pilots  who  reported  UFO's.  We do  not  allow  our  pilots  to  discuss  UFO  chases  even  among themselves. 3.  We  interrogated,  intimidated  and  harassed  military  personnel  who saw  UFO's,  to  "convince"  them  (excluding  pilots  and  astronauts),  that  they "did  not  see"  what  they  saw;  frightened  them  with  the  prospect  of  long prison  sentences  if  they  told  anyone  what  they  saw;  transferred  them  alone to  bases  around  the  world,  where,  even  if  they  were  to  talk,  nobody  would believe  then;  forced  some  of  them  into  mental  institutions;  jailed  them; destroyed  their  military  careers; did  everything  possible  to  intimidate UFO  witnesses  by  fear  into  self  doubt  and  silence. 4.  We  distributed  fraudulent  information,  through  Military  and Government  spokesmen  or  scientists,  to  debunk  all  public  UFO  sightings. 3.  We  forced  the  FAA,  NASA,  and  other  Government  agencies  to  conform to  CIA  UFO  policies. 6.  We  violated  the  Freedom  of  Information  Act  by  hiding  documents. 7.  We  smeared  commercial  pilots  who  publicly  reported  UFO's  and  forced their  companies  to  silence  then. 8.  We  did  not  confirm  when  civilian  planes  around  the  world  also temporarily  lost  control  or  completely  disappeared  when  UFO's  were  present. 9.  We  slandered  ruthlessly  some  of  our  most  outstanding  and  competent citizens,  who  dared  to  report  UFO  sightings,  while  we  knew  all  along  that they  were  telling  the  truth,  as  we  tracked  the  UFO's  on  radar. 10.  We  silenced  Congressmen  and  Senators  who  requested  UFO  information for  their  constituents.  These  representatives  are  now  silent  partners  to this  cover-up  and  are  consequently  directly  responsible  for  all  the  crimes we  committed. Press  in  default: The  national  UFO  debunking  campaign  ordered  by  the  CIA  in  1953, published  books  and  planted  hundreds  of  articles  in  the  press,  to  create  an atmosphere  of  ridicule  around  the  subject  of  UFO's,  falsely  creating  "UFO contacts"  and  "UFO"  hoaxes.  This  campaign  which  is  still  in  effect  today, infiltrated  major  civilian  UFO  groups,  to  ridicule  them  or  divert  their efforts  towards  "other  explanations."  This  UFO  cover-up  has  been successful  beyond  CIA's  highest  expectations,  due  primarily  to  the brilliant  manipulation  of  the  press  by  the  CIA  via  the  ridicule  strategy. The  Establishment  Press,  afraid  of  being  ridiculed,  proved  to  be  gullible beyond  belief  to  "official  statements." The  press,  for  example,  in  attempting  to  divorce  itself  completely from  UFO  data,  did  not  question  why  the  CIA  refused  to  give  UFO  information to  the  then  Senator  Barry  Goldwater  who  at  the  time was  chairman  of  the Senate  Intelligence  Committee.  If  Senator  Goldwater  (who  has  been  aware  of the  cover-up),  does  not  have  a  high  enough  security  clearance  to  get UFO information,  then  who  in  our Government  does?  The  press  failed  to  ask,  if UFO's  do  not  exist,  why  did  the  CIA tell  Senator  Goldwater  that  UFO  data is  classified  "above  top  secret"  and  "above  any  other  secret  in  the  USA." The  CIA  debunking  campaign,  using  some  of  the  best  brains  in  this  country,  slowly  "educated"  most  journalists  that  they  can  only  be  rewarded,  by abandoning  any  sense  of  journalistic  ethics  when  it  comes  to  reporting about  UFO  s. One  of  the  most  audaciously  deceptive  acts  by  the  CIA  involved President  Carter  (who  himself  had  sighted  a  UFO),  when  he  requested  NASA  to look  into  the  possibility  of  UFO  research.  Until  that  moment,  all  of  us who  were  involved  with  the  UFO  cover-up,  assumed  that  the  President  was informed  by  the  CIA  about  UFO's  the  moment  he  entered  office  and  that  he was  aware  of  the  huge  sum  of  money  invested  in  UFO  research  since  1953. Until  that  moment,  it  was  inconceivable  to  us  that  the  President  of  the United  States  would  be  kept  totally  uninformed  by  the  CIA. At  that  time,  NASA's  scientific  team  concluded  that  the  UFO  cover-up should  end  because  the  public  already  knew  that  most  astronauts  in  space photographed  UFO's,  or  had  been  followed  by  UFO's,  and  that  the  astronauts were  forced  by  regulations  to  lie  to  the  press.  Shortly  before  NASA’s release  of  the  news  to  the  press,  the  CIA  insisted  on  continuing  to maintain  the  cover-up  and  pressured  NASA  to  lie  to  the  public.  NASA therefore  released  a  statement  dictated  by  the  CIA,  contradictory  to  their own  scientists  conclusions.  Victor  Marchetti  (former  Executive  Assistant to  the  Deputy  Director  of  the  CIA),  openly  maintains  that  President  Carter probably  was  forced  to  participate  in  the  CIA’s  UFO  cover-up.  - Most  of  the  preposterous  "explanations"  of  UFO's  were  originated  by  - the  CIA's  debunking  headquarters,  and  disseminated  to  the  public  mostly through  the  Air  Force,  FAA,  FBI,  CIA,  NASA,  NORAD  or  Pentagon  spokesmen. These  shocking,  mind  boggling  "explanations"  (swamp  gas,  stars,  etc.), released  usually  after  long  delays,  often  constituted  an  insult  to  American public  intelligence,  instead  of  an  explanation.  Though  these  "explanations" often  were  not  logical,  scientific,  or  factual  at  all,  they  ware  eagerly accepted  by  the  press, which  was  relieved to quietly  dispose  of  "another UFO  story.”  There  were  often  sharp  contradictions  between  these "explanations”  and  the  pilots  and  radar  controllers'  statements,  which rarely  seemed  to  bother  the  press,  who  claim  to  be  Government  watch  dogs. Scientific  community  in  default: Project  'Blue  Book',  the 'Condon  Report'  and  many  notable  scientists, are  part  of  the  CIA's  cover-up.  The  'Condon  Report'  is  a  scientific  farce which  was  immediately  exposed  as  a  fraud  by  the  late  Professor  James  E. MacDonald  (world's  foremost,  non  CIA,  authority  on  UFO's).  The  'Condon Report'  has  been  heavily  criticised  ever  since  by  all  other  competent scientists  (who  do  not  work  for  the  CIA),  who  actually  examined  the  report in  depth.  Incredible  as  it  seems,  many  in  the  scientific  community  today have  not,  and  still  regard  the  'Condon  Report'  as  an  impartial  scientific study.  This  altitude  is  a  source  of  much  amusement  and  self  satisfaction in  the  intelligence  community.  This  manipulation  of  American  public opinion  and  the  advanced  mind  control  techniques  employed  by  the  CIA,  were described  by  one  Air  Force  doctor  as:  "Psychiatric  Fascism  contradictory  to any  democratic  principles." Now  more  than  ever,  due  to  our  highly  sophisticated  detection  systems, UFO’s  are  being  detected  frequently  over  our  bases  and  missile  silos  and they  have  tampered  with  our  nuclear  missiles.  They  are  being  photographed in  restricted  areas,  monitoring  our  military  experiments.  We  track  them visually  and/or  on  radar  across  the  USA  and  Canada  almost  daily.  Worldwide  intelligence  reports  indicate  very  similar  sightings.  Many  of  us objected  long  ago  to  this  senseless  UFO  cover-up,  because  it  led  to  a monumental  loss  of  scientific  data.  But  we  could  not do  anything,  because the  CIA  controls  all  our  military  intelligence  agencies  and  has overwhelming  influence  over  many  Government  agencies. Conclusions: FBI  associates  defined  the  UFO  cover-up  as  the  biggest  crime  ever perpetrated  against  our  people.  The  CIA,  in  the  name  of  "National  Security Interest",  has  flagrantly  violated  the  letter  and  spirit  of  the  law. The  Uniform  Code  of  Military  Justice  does  not  offer  our  soldiers  any protection  regarding  this  cover-up.  As  JMP  members,  we  are  torn  between our  desire  to  maintain  the  military  oath  of  secrecy  and  our  sense  of  ethics as  responsible  loyal  citizens  of  this  great  nation.  Yet  we  are  fully dedicated  to  preventing  the  UFO  cover-up  from  continuing  to  be  the  status quo  in  this  free  nation.  When  our  country  requests  us  in  the  military  to give  up  our  lives  for  this  land,  the  least  the  Government  can  do,  is  tell us  against  whom  we  are  fighting  and  why.  We  have  the  right  to  know. JMP  civil  responsibility: Lack  of  competent  news  reporting  on  this  issue,  has  led  to  the creation  of  JMP.  We  feel  it  is  our  responsibility  to  speak  up  for  our citizens  who  are  still  on  active  military  duty.  A  RAND  study  indicates that,  barring  unforeseen  circumstances,  the  CIA  may  continue  the  cover-up unabated  under  the  umbrella  of  secrecy  and  ridicule.  JMP  members  therefore have  prepared  a  program  that  may  effectively  disintegrate  the  UFO  cover-up. NSA  associate  commented  to  us:  "...once  the  nation  will  learn  the  magnitude of  the  UFO  cover-up,  it  may  lead  to  a sense  of  awakening  and  outrage  which could  lead  to  civil  disobedience  acts  that  will  make  the  Beaton  Tea  Party pale  by  comparison,  and may  lead  to  the  downfall  of  the  CIA." The  CIA's  collapse  is  not  our  intention  because  the  CIA  is  important for  national  defense.  There  is  a  need  to  preserve  whatever  integrity  the CIA  may  still  have  in  the  American  public's  eyes.  The  issue  of  this  letter  - is  not CIA  credibility,  but  our  Government's  credibility.  This  insane CIA's  UFO  cover-up  must  end.  It  is  a  'Time-Bomb'  which  can't  be  disarmed. This  'Time-Bomb*  according  to  RAND,  is  gaining  momentum  and  must  explode one  day.  Let  us  expose  it  now  and  help  save  additional  unnecessary  loss  of military  lives. This  letter  intentionally  omits  the  most  spectacular  events  in  the  UFO cover-up.  Members  of  JMP  feel  that  it  will  be  more  appropriate  that  the President  himself,  once  informed  by  the  CIA,  will  disclose  these  events  to the  nation.  We  regret  the  anonymity  of  this  letter,  but  we  have  no  other choice  because  the  CIA  has  a  clear  policy  of  eliminating  any  insiders  who may  expose  the  UFO  cover-up.  As  soon  as  the  Executive  Order  is  issued,  we will  be  the  first  to  testify.  Please  reply  via  the  'MUFON  UFO  Journal'. Mr.  President,  you  have  a  unique  opportunity  in  the  history  of mankind.  With  the  interest  of  national  security  and  unity  in  our  hearts, we  respectfully  wait  for  your  actions. 
J.M.P. San  Antonio,  TX 
Addendum  for  the  Press;  A  Dec.  1987 
A  RAND  associate  suggested  that  because  at  this  stage  we  are  an  anonymous  group,  to  add  for  the  press  a  competent  source  for  verification, documentation  and  eyewitnesses  of  most  allegations  mentioned  above.  In  the USA,  he  recommended  contacting  former  astronaut  Gordon  L.  Cooper  and  the following  national  and  international  UFO  research  organizations: 
1)  Just  Cause,  P.O.  Box  218,  Coventry,  CT  06238 
2)  MUFON,  103  Oldtowne  Road,  Sequin,  TX  78155 
3)  APRO,  3910  E.  Kleindale  Road,  Tucson,  AZ  85712 
4)  Major  Donald  E.  Keyhoe  (USMC,Ret.),  P.O.Box  502,  Luray,  VA  22835 
The  foreign  press  may  contact  dozens  of  reliable  UFO  research  organisations (private/Government/scientific/Military)  in  over  forty  countries. None  of  the  people  or  organizations  mentioned  above,  had  any  knowledge  of -  JMP  before  distribution  of  this  letter.  Over  6200  copies  of  this  latter have  been  posted  to  news  media  worldwide,  please  be  patient  when  contacting above  organizations,  as  they  have  limited  financial  resources.  Please refer  this  letter  to  the  appropriate  editor.  Thank  you. J.M.P. 




Appendix 2


Brief Biographies of 1947 MJ-12 Group
Listed in Nov. 18, 1952, Eisenhower Document, Pages 171-178

1. ROSCOE HENRY HILLENKOETTER
He was born May 8, 1897, in St. Louis, Missouri, and graduated from the U.S. Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland. He spoke three languages, spent several years in Navy intelligence and set up an intelligence network for Admiral Chester W. Nimitz in the Pacific. He advanced to Vice Admiral and helped President Truman organize and run the newly formed CIA. Admiral Hillenkoetter died June 18, 1982.

2. VANNEVAR BUSH.
He was born in Everett, Massachusetts, on March 11, 1890. He graduated with an electrical engineering degree from Tufts College and earned other science degrees from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and Harvard University. He was involved with research on submarine detection for the U.S. Navy early in his career. In 1930, Bush and his group at MIT had developed the first machine to solve differential equations. By World War II and through the 1940s, he was a scientific adviser to President Truman and Chairman of the National Defense Research Committee (NDRC), superceded by the Office of Scientific Research and Development (OSRD) 1941-1947. Vannevar Bush died on
June 28, 1974.

3. JAMES VINCENT FORRESTAL.
He was born February 14, 1892, in Beacon, New York. He graduated from Dartmouth College, Princeton University and Williams College. He began his career in business, but by 1940 he was administrative assistant to President Franklin Roosevelt. From 1944 to 1947, he was Under Secretary of the Navy. When the National Security Act of 1947 was enacted on September 18, 1947, President Truman appointed Forrestal to the new cabinet position of Secretary of Defense. His task was to reorganize and coordinate all the armed services. That was two months after the July 1947 Roswell UFO crash. Forrestal’s mental attitude deteriorated during the next two years. Some say it was for political reasons. Others speculate it had something to do with the secret about alien life forms. Defense Secretary Forrestal entered the U.S. Naval Hospital in Bethesda, Maryland, and on May 22, 1949, fell through a window to his death provoking many to ask if it were suicide or murder.

4. WALTER BEDELL SMITH.
Forrestal was replaced in the MJ -12 group in 1950 by Army General Walter Bedell Smith, Eisenhower’s Chief of Staff during WWII. “Beedle” Smith was born on October 4, 1895, in Indianapolis, Indiana. He graduated from the Army War College and became Chief of Staff for the Allied Force Headquarters in North Africa from 1942 to 1944. He was appointed U.S. Ambassador to the Soviet Union, 1946 -1949. Like Hillenkoetter, General Smith also headed the CIA, serving as director from 1950 -1953. After that, he was Undersecretary of State from 1953-54 and then went into business as Vice Chairman of American Machine & Foundry Co. He was a member of the Board of Directors for NBC, RCA, United Fruit Co. and Corning Glass Works. General Smith died August 9, 1961.

5. NATHAТ АARRAGUT TWINING.
He was born October 11, 1897, in Monroe, Wisconsin. He graduated from the U.S. Military Academy in West Point, New York, and the Air Corps Tactical School. He was promoted through grades to General in the U.S. Air Force in 1950. During WWII, he was Chief of Staff to the Commanding General in the South Pacific, 1942-1943; Commanding General in the Soloman Islands, in Italy and the Mediterranean Allied Strategic Air Forces, 1943. Back in the U.S., he was assigned to the Air Material Command (AMC) at Wright (Patterson) Field in Cincinnati, Ohio, from 1945 to 1947. That base and command has been associated since at least 1947 with retrieval of crashed disks, alien bodies and ET autopsies. General Twining became Chief of Staff of the U.S. Air Force in 1953 and was Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff from 1957-60. When he retired from active military duty, he became Director of the United Technical Labs and Vice Chairman of the Board of the book publishing company, Holt, Rinehart & Winston from 1960-67. Holt published Behind The
Flying Saucers by Frank Scully in 1950. General Twining died March 29, 1982.

6. HOYT SANFORD VANDENBERG.
He was born January 24, 1899, in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He attended the U.S. Military Academy and the Air Corps Tactical School where he taught fighter tactics. He was promoted through grades to Lt. General in 1945. By that time he was Commanding General of the U.S. 9th Air Force in France; became Assistant Chief of Staff, G-2 (Intelligence); served on the War Department’s General Staff in 1946 and was appointed U.S. Director of Central Intelligence Group in June 1946, the forerunner of the CIA that Hillenkoetter would head a year later. In 1947, General Vandenberg became Vice Chief of Staff of the newly organized U.S. Air Force and served as Chief of Staff from 1948-1953. General Vandenberg died April 2, 1954.

7. JEROME CLARK HUNSAKER.
He was a brilliant aeronautical engineer who was born in Creston, Iowa, on August 26, 1886. He graduated from the U.S. Naval Academy and received an aeronautical engineering degree from MIT. He was in charge of aircraft design in the Department of Navy in Washington from 1916 to 1923 where he designed the airship Shenandoah and the flying boat NC4, which was the first to fly the Atlantic. He became Assistant Vice President of Bell Telephone Laboratories in 1926 to 1928 and worked on wire and radio airway services. Later he headed the Departments of Aeronautical Engineering and Mechanical Engineering at MIT; from 1941 to 1956 he was Chairman of the National Advisory Committee on Aerospace (NACA). Jerome Hunsaker died September 10, 1984, the last of the original twelve listed in the Eisenhower briefing paper. I was told in 1983 that a senior member of the MJ-12 group was against revealing the historic UFO film. That resistance was considered a stumbling block to proceeding with release of the film for my 1983 HBO project.

8. SIDNEY WILLIAM SOUERS.
He was born March 30, 1892, in Dayton, Ohio. He went to Purdue and Miami Universities and went on to work in several banks, insurance companies, a chain store and was an executive in General American Life from 1936 to 1973. He also became a Rear Admiral in the Navy and was Deputy Chief of Intelligence. He served from 1947 to 1950 as Executive Secretary of the National Security Council and was a special consultant on military financing to Truman. As the President’s close friend, he encouraged Truman to develop the H-Bomb. President Truman turned to Souers when he needed the first Director of the Central Intelligence Group in 1946. Souers took the job for five months, but was eager to return to his business interests and the post was handed over to Air Force General Hoyt Vandenberg in May 1947. Five months later on September 18, 1947, the National Security Act created the CIA that Admiral Hellenkoetter took over. Souers served as an honorary director of the McDonnell Douglas Corp. He died January 14, 1973.

9. GORDON GRAY.
He was born May 30, 1909, in Baltimore, Maryland. He earned a law degree from Yale University and operated a radio station from 1935-47. In 1947 he became Assistant Secretary of the Army in the Department of Defense where he served until 1949. Then he was Secretary of the Army from 1949-50; Special Assistant to the President from April to November 1950. In 1951, he became Director of the Psychological Strategy Board (CIA-related) from July to December 1951. Later assignments included Assistant Secretary of Defense for International Security Affairs, 1955-57; Director of the Office of Defense Mobilization, 1957-58; Special Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs, 1958-61; Chairman of the Board at Piedmont Publishing Co., which published the Winston Salem Journal in North Carolina 1961-69; Triangle Broadcasting Co., 1969-75; Summit Communications 1975-82; and was a member of the President’s Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board from 1961-77. Gordon Gray died on November 26, 1982.

10. DONALD HOWARD MENZEL.
He was born April 11, 1901, in Florence, Colorado. He earned science degrees from the University of Denver, Princeton and Harvard. He became Chairman of Harvard’s Department of Astronomy in 1946, and a year later headed the Harvard Observatory for Solar Research. He was also a research scientist at the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory from 1966 to 1971 and served as a chief scientist with Electronic Space Systems Corp., from 1972 to 1976. Since his name is on the MAJESTIC-12 list concerning UFOs, it is likely that the books Professor Menzel wrote debunking the UFO phenomenon were part of MJ-12’s calculated misinformation strategy to “avoid public panic at all costs.” Those books include Flying Saucers (1953, Harvard University Press); The World of Flying Saucers: A Scientific Investigation of a Major Myth of the Space Age (1963, Doubleday & Co.); and The UFO Enigma (1977, Doubleday & Co.). Professor Menzel died December 14, 1976.

11. ROBERT MILLER MONTAGUE
He was born August 7,1899, in Portland, Oregon. He attended the University of Oregon and the U.S. Military Academy, advancing through grades to Lt. General in 1955. During WWII he was Artillery Commander of the 83rd Infantry Division from 1942 to 1946. The critical UFO crash year of 1947, he was Director of the Anti-Aircraft and Guided Missiles Branch of the Artillery School. He also served as Commanding General of Sandia Base in Albuquerque, New Mexico. General Montague died February 20, 1958.

12. LLOYD VIEL BERKNER
He was born February 1, 1905, in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. As a naval officer in 1926, Berkner was active in the development of radar and navigation systems and naval aircraft electronics engineering. He is noted for measuring the height and density of the ionosphere. That research led him to better understand radio wave propagation. He later turned his attention to research about the origin and evolution of the earth’s atmosphere. He proposed and helped organize the International Geophysical Year in 1950. That was the largest global cooperative study ever done at the time. In 1953, Berkner advanced a theory to describe the way in which the atmospheres of the Solar System’s planets closest to our Sun had evolved. He was also responsible for the construction of the Distant Early Warning (DEW Line) radar system designed to give the U.S. advance warning in the event of a missile attack across the North Pole. He was a prolific writer about science, rockets and satellites in space. Lloyd Berkner died June 4,1967, in Washington, D.C.

13. DETLEV WULF BRONK
See also page 164. He was born August 13, 1897, in New York City. Detlev
Bronk, Ph.D., is credited with establishing biophysics as a recognized discipline. He served as President of Johns Hopkins University from 1949 to 1953; President of the National Academy of Sciences between 1950 and 1962; was a member of the National Aeronautics and Space Council; was a member of the Scientific Advisory Committee of the Brookhaven National Laboratories; and was an advisory member  of the Atomic Energy Commission. Dr. Bronk died on November 17, 1975, in New York City.



Appendix 3

1983 Correspondence with Home Box Office
and Richard C. Doty, AFOSI Special Agent,
Kirtland AFB, Albuquerque, NM


LINDA MOULTON HOWE
April  29,  1983
Littleton Colorado 80122 
Dear Jean: Since Important material promised is yet to com, it has
been difficult to structure this script. But I hope the attached gives you a feel for a style that is provokative but straight forward without docudrama because credibility will be paramount in this project. From page 13  on, the content and/or structure might change depending on the full nature of X, Y and Z. Very much look forward to talking with you In New York. Jean Abounader, Director Documentary Programming Home Box Office 1271  Avenue of the Americas New York City, N. Y.  10020 Best regards, 
Linda Moulton Howe 
ENC:  script  # 1 -  CONFIDENTIAL Film  &
Video Production: Writer Director Producer Editor



LINDA MOULTON HOWE 
3208  East Fremont Drive 
Littleton, Colorado  80122 
(303)  694-9749  
May  10,  1983 

Mr. Richard Doty 
OSI District  17 
Klrtland AFB Albuquerque, New Mexico 

Dear Mr. Doty: 
I greatly appreciated your call on Friday, April 29, to tell me that a gentleman named Tom would be contacting me soon about the Holloman and other materials to be used in the hour documentary I am now preparing for Home Box Office, New York, about the UFO phenomenon  -  specifically, the extraterrestrial factor. As we discussed at the time, the people I work with at HBO would like me to meet with them in New York the week of May 16-20, if possible, with as complete a script as I can have for the film. I have not discussed content with them yet and told them I was dealing with sensitive material that I could only discuss with one particular person there in secrecy. I have stressed that nothing about the full nature of the film should be released to the public until near broadcast time which is estimated to be in the first quarter of 1984 if all goes well with production and post-production. For the above reasons, the script I sent to New York for the May 1  deadline was a skeletal outline without any details. I know that you were told that your official contact with me was to end April 29 and that subsequent contact was to be transferred to Tom. However, since I have not heard from him yet and am facing important deadlines which effect the progress of the film, I hoped it would be acceptable to ask you to present the following to Tom for his consideration: 1)  A meeting between Tom and me in the location and time of his choice on Monday, May 16, if possible, or Tuesday, May 17. 2)  At that meeting I will show him the entire script as I know it to this point. I understand the government's concern for releasing sensitive information over a period of time. I would like very much to be a part of that release with this documentary  -  to go as far as possible with the landing and contact material within the framework of government approval. That approval I accept as necessary in exchange for the important and historic material.

Richard Doty Page 2. 5/10/83/  Howe 
3)  At the meeting, I would appreciate seeing all the materials and discussing related interviews that would be given for use in this documentary. If necessary, I will sign a secrecy oath concerning those materials that would effect me until the film's broadcast in 1984. I have sincerely honored the confidential privilege allowed me in official conversation with you. 4)  I would like to discuss my needs as a filmmaker  -  the fact that I will use 7247 16mm color negative film in production and will need the Holloman film printed in stock that will cut into the 7247 negative and will need workprint with matching edge numbers of all film. I am happy to reimburse the government for all such printing costs. I respectfully submit this proposal in hopes of beginning as soon as possible the communication that seems necessary to produce good work. Any assistance you can provide is greatly appreciated. 
Sincerely, 
Linda Moulton Howe 
ENC: Resume 

No signature on this file copy. 



May 14, 1983 AFOSI Dist. 17/  B. I. D. 
Kirtland AFB Albuquerque, New Mexico 87117 
ATTN:  S. A. Richard Doty 
Dear Mr. Doty: 
Thanks very much for communicating my May 10 letter to government officials for their consideration. Am very sorry to hear there is a delay in going forward immediately with the meeting proposal, but am gratified to hear there is official affirmation that I will be contacted some time soon to meet with Tom and see materials. 
1)  I am scheduled to meet with the Director of Documentary Programming for Home Box Office, New York, on Wednesday, May 18 at 10 AM. For that meeting I would greatly appreciate receiving an official letter affirming the government's intention to release film and materials to me for the hour documentary I am trying to do for HBO about the UFO phenomenon  - specifically, the extraterrestrial factor. Originally I had hoped to be in production by June or July  '83 and very much need some guidance about when I might be able to proceed. The letter can be sent to the following address, hopefully to arrive Tuesday, May 17, in New York before the 10 AM Wednesday meeting: Linda Moulton Howe c/o Jean Abounader Director, Documentary Programming Home Box Office 1271 Avenue of the Americas New York City, New York 10020 (212)  484-1344 cc:  Linda M. Howe, letterhead address 
There is nothing I want more to do than to work with the government in making this documentary about the Holloman and other related events. 
2)  To that end could special permission be given for me  -  working with a government official and a trusted crew of two other people  -  to film with the Colonel this month so that valuable first hand historic perspective can be recorded before the Colonel dies?  I understand age has weakened him. To do this my crew of two and I are willing to sign secrecy oaths effecting us on the filmed material until broadcast. Crew members:  1)  Susan Markowitz, Production Assistant, 320 Krameria Street, Denver, Colorado 80220 (303)  355-2707;  2)  Mark O'Kane, Photographer, 1954 South Logan, Denver, Colorado 80210  (303)  778-7431;  3)  Linda Moulton Howe, Producer-Director- Writer-Editor-Audio. 
The day of filming I would turn all audio tapes and film over to the government official for processing and safe keeping until we go forward with the entire film. Greatly appreciate your kind patience and help, Linda Moulton Howe 

No signature on this file copy.



June 4, 1983 
Jean Abounader, Director Documentary Programming Home Box Office 1271 Avenue of the Americas New York City, N. Y. 10020 Dear Jean: Progress report:  Within the next three weeks two important steps are to happen. One, first interview with the Colonel, followed quickly it is hoped with a film interview. Second, screening of material for me in a Washington, D. C. location. At each step, I will call you to confirm progress. Greatly appreciate your support and patience. 
Best regards, Linda Moulton Howe 

No signature on this file copy. 




Appendix 4


October 17, 1987, Letter from Linda Moulton Howe to Just Cause;
March 5, 1988, Letter from Richard C. Doty to Larry Bryant, CAUS


LINDA MOULTON HOWE 
Littleton Colorado 80122 
Film  & Video Production: 
Writer Director Producer Editor 
October 17, 1987 

Mr. Barry Greenwood, Editor 
Mr. Larry Fawcett, Publisher 
JUST CAUSE 
P.O. Box 176 
Stoneham, Mass. 02180 

Dear Barry and Larry: 
This letter is to follow up the paragraph in the last JUST CAUSE publication, Page 8, Number 13, September 1987, about my and others' receiving information from AFOSI Special Agent Richard Doty. 
First, some corrections and Clarifications. 
1)  "Majestic"  is not the only reference I have heard for the UFO, special studies group known as MJ-12. I have also heard  "Majority," "Majic,"  "the Club,"  "the Committee"  and 54/12. The letter number combination is consistent with British and other intelligence organizations'  longtime use of letter number combinations as neutral titles for sensitive subjects. The confusion of different names could be another result of the disinformation and information-tracking plan used by MJ-12 since the 1940's to manipulate and confuse people investigating the UFO phenomenon. 
2)  The Nordic-type extraterrestrials, or  "blonds,"  were known to me as the  "Talls,"  in contrast to the small  "Grays"  or  "Little Guys."  (I believe the term  "Highs"  was used by Paul Bennewitz, Albuquerque.) 
3)  The time of my meeting with Mr. Doty was April 1983, not 1984. The location was the Air Force Office of Special Investigations  (AFOSI), Kirtland AFB Albuquerque New Mexico. It was then known as AFOSI District 17. Later its designation changed to AFOSI District 14 06. Mr. Doty showed me an identification badge which named him as Richard C. Doty, Special Agent  (SA), Air Force Office of Special Investigations. That matched the title and signature name on the now well-circulated 1980 Kirtland AFOSI documents concerning the UFO intrusions at the Manzano nuclear weapons storage area in Coyote Canyon at Kirtland. 
In early 1983, I was working on the script for a documentary about the UFO phenomenon for Home Box Office  (HBO)  . The meeting with Agent Doty had been arranged by Peter Gersten, the New York attorney working then with the Citizens Against UFO Secrecy  (CAUS)  which your publication represents. Attorney Gersten had met with Richard Doty and author/Focus publisher William L. Moore in Albuquerque on January 10 1983. I understand Mr. Gersten also met privately Agent Doty the following day. Mr. Gersten told me that Richard Doty had information about the 1977 or 1978 Ellsworth UFO landing(dates vary with different sources). Mr. Gersten said Agent Doty was willing to talk to me about Ellsworth and a meeting occurred at the AFOSI office at Kirtland Air Force Base, Albuquerque, New Mexico. 

Page 2. Linda M. Howe  /  Oct. 17, 1987 
During the conversation, Agent Doty handed me some typed pages which were titled simply  "Briefing Paper for the President of the United States"  about the subject of unidentified flying vehicles. There was no designation of a specific president nor do I remember a specific date. Agent Doty said he had been asked by his superiors to show me the briefing paper, that I could ask questions, but could not take notes. The content described a series of crashed UFO discs at Aztec and Roswell, New Mexico;  Kingman, Arizona;  and a crash in Mexico. Extraterrestrial bodies from the downed crafts were retrieved and taken to laboratories for examination. The paper also described information from direct contact with the  "Grays"  about their extraterrestrial intervention and manipulation of the human race's biological, sociological and religious evolution. The paper outlined the government's efforts since the 1940's to ascertain the origin, nature and motives of the ETs), Snowbird  (ET craft technology and efforts to fly one), AQUARIUS  (overall research and contact program re:  ETs)  -  and one  "closed"  project with a name similar to Garnet which involved the ET connection with human evolution. 
Agent Doty said I was being shown the briefing paper because the government intended to release to me several thousand feet of color and black and white film taken between 1947 and 1964 showing crashed UFO discs and extraterrestrials with official government confirmation. The term  "Ebe"  was also used to describe the  "Grays,"  a government acronym for  "extraterrestrial biological entity/s."  Agent Doty said I would be contacted by other people regarding security and screening arrangements of the historic footage. 
I called the Director of the Documentary Department at HBO and told her about the meeting and the pending release of government film. She and I agreed that complete silence was warranted until actual film, photos or other evidence were forthcoming. 
But by the end of May, Agent Doty informed me that the historic UFO footage would not be released until a later date because of some  "political delays."  He also informed me that he was officially out of the film project, but that others would continue to contact me. Without the promised film or at least official signed letters of intention to release the film, HBO unfortunately decided the documentary production phase should not go forward. That decision is perhaps what the government's goal was all along. 
I had done the 77-minute  "A STRANGE HARVEST"  documentary about the animal mutilation mystery for the CBS affiliate in Denver. That film contained many first hand testimonies associating glowing discs and/ or tripod marks with pastures where mutilated animals had been found in great numbers in the 1970's and tapering off in numbers through the 1980s in geographic areas as diverse as Canada, the United States, Mexico, South America, parts of Europe and the Canary Islands off the coast of Africa. It was implied to me between 1983 and 1984 that my documentary  "upset"  some government people who do  - not want UFOs and animal mutilations associated in public media. Thus, a logical conclusion is that MJ-12 did not want that same filmmaker who did A STRANGE HARVEST to focus on the UFO phenomena for a national TV audience. 

Page 3. Linda M. Howe  /  Oct. 17, 1987 
In spite of the HBO decision, there were other contacts with me about MJ-12's desire to release some of the historic UFO footage in a documentary broadcast, perhaps on PBS. But no film was ever released to me and I have no knowledge about AFOSI Special Agent Richard Doty's specific UFO work or contacts with other UFO researchers after the summer of 1983. 
It should be noted that in a November 1975 radio broadcast in Houston, Texas that California film and TV writer Robert Emenegger told radio interviewer Frank Haley that in the early 1970's another government release of UFO footage was promised. Emenegger was working with Sandler Films in Los Angeles on a documentary called UFOS:  PAST, PRESENT AND FUTURE narrated by the late Rod Sterling. Emenegger and Sandler were promised historic footage about a UFO landing at Holloman Air Force Base to be included in the documentary for national broadcast in 1974. That footage was also withheld. 
I, for one, have no doubt about the existence of an invisible and very powerful government entity challenged with extraterrestrial relations, communications, research and technology development  -  whether it's called MJ-12, 54/12 or any other name. Its first mission was to retrieve and analyze the crashed discs and extraterrestrial bodies in the 1940's. In 1987, is MJ-12 still troubled, confused and in conflict within its own ranks about the consequences of the ETs'  presence on this planet?  Or do they know that we are nearing the end of some kind of Earth cycle superimposed from out there which will permanently change the fate of all of us?  If so, perhaps MJ-12 has decided that public ignorance is still economic and public bliss, until  ...  ? 
Sincerely, 
Linda Moulton Howe 

Our thanks to Linda Howe for detailing her experience with SA Doty. As you can see MJ-12 has deep roots and a clear link is evident between Doty and aspects of the MJ-12 story. Recently several individuals have tried to contact Doty at Kirtland AFB, New Mexico. While a Richard Doty answered the calls, he claimed not to be THE Richard Doty. If this is the same Doty, which we think he is, he is clearly but clumsily avoiding discussing MJ-12. Again, more suspicious behavior! 
the Editor 

No signature on this file copy.



March 5, 1988 
Larry W. Bryant 
Alexandria, WA
Dear Mr. Bryant: 
You recently requested my service record through the Freedom of Information Act. You also wrote an article to The Alexandria JOURNAL which included my alleged association with Ms. Linda Howe. This letter is my response to your inquiry into my service record and your letter to the Alexandria JOURNAL. 
Let me first say that you are not the first person that has requested my service record through the Freedom of Information Act. A total of sixteen writers, journalists and newspaper reporters have tried to obtain information about me through the FOIA channels over the past seven years. I am happy to say none of them have succeeded. I understand you intend to pursue the issue in court. Two other have tried the court system but failed. Good luck in your court attempt. 
I don't mind discussing my service record with anyone, if they would just ask me. Only part of my service record is sensitive and cannot be discussed. However, for the most part, my service record is normal. If you would like to send me the reason for wanting my service record, I would consider releasing it to you myself. 
As far as my association with Ms. Howe, I can say what appeared to be some covert Government operation was really a simple matter between Ms. Howe and myself. It all started in early 1983. I was contacted, telephonically, by Ms. Linda Moulton Howe. She asked me if I would consent to an interview regarding the 1980 Kirtland incident. She also inferred that she had additional information to contribute regarding the incident. After Ireceived permission from my supervisor, I agreed to meet with Ms. Howe. I met with Ms. Howe in April 1983. The meeting was held in the offices of then Air Force Office of Special Investigation (AFOSI)  District 17, Kirtland AFB, NM. The meeting lasted approximately one hour and was monitored by two of my supervisors. Dur- ing the meeting, Ms. Howe asked me questions regarding the 1980 Kirtland incident in Coyote Canyon. I answered her questions and made some comments about my own personal feelings regarding UFOs. After this answer and question period, Ms. Howe asked me if she could discuss another matter. She explained that she was working on a script for a documentary about the UFO phenomenon for Home Box Office  (HBO). Ms. Howe stated she had gathered a large quantity of material concerning the subject and wanted to ask me questions about this information. I informed Ms. Howe I was not an expert on UFOs. But she insisted on asking me questions. The questions were centered around MJ-12, extraterrestrial beings, Project Aquarius and some other subject matter about the history of UFOs. I informed Ms. Howe I had no knowledge of any of those subjects. I don't recall my exact response to each question but I can remember that I did not give her any information about a so- called secret Government program to investigate UFOs. 
Ms. Howe also claimed I showed her a briefing paper which was allegedly classified. I can say, without a doubt, I never showed her any such document. First of all, I was not in a position to obtain any presidential briefing documents. Secondly, I would not allow a person without a security clearance to see any such documents. Lastly, she mentioned a document to me that was a so-called  "Project Aquarius"  briefing paper for President Carter. However, she brought up the subject, not me. I have no knowledge of any such document. After this matter was first brought up, the Government conducted a thorough investigation, for which I was a subject of, regarding the alleged briefing paper. I was totally cleared. If fact, the investigation showed no such briefing paper existed. 
After the office meeting with Ms. Howe, I had several other contacts with her in the form of telephone conversations or short meetings over a period of 18 months. I do not recall mentioning any Government plans to release documents or film to Ms. Howe about UFOs for her documentary. I would not have been in a position to authorize or even discuss such a release. Besides, to the best of my knowledge, I know of no such material. Since the meeting in April 1983 was not an official investigative contact, I did not accomplish a formal report of the meeting. I did a simple "Memo for Record", which was filed in my safe for one year and then destroyed. It you care to check AFOSI standard filing procedures for Memo for Records you will see that these documents are destroyed after one year unless they are part of an official investigation. The other meetings I had with Ms. Howe were not of an official nature and thus I did not document them. I was interested in her research and wanted to learn more about the subject of UFOs. To the best of my knowledge, Ms. Howe was never under investigation by AFOSI. None of the information I gathered or obtained from Ms. Howe was ever placed in an official report. To reiterate, the only official meeting I had with Ms. Howe was in April 1983. I have not had further contact with Ms. Howe since August 1984. I know of no Government operation past or present that involved Ms. Howe or her research about UFOs. 
I will say that all the information regarding the 1980 incident at Kirtland AFB, NM was documented in the reports released under FOIA. There are no other reports to the best of my knowledge, at least not generated by AFOSI. I never prepared any classified reports regarding the incident, as reported in numerous past press releases. The incident was blown out of proportion by the media. Most of the follow-up information released by the press was pure fabrication. One legitimate researcher from Seattle, WA.,  (I forgot his name)  conducted a very thorough investigation of the incident and found that the craft sighted in Coyote Canyon was a helicopter operated by the 1550th Aircrew Training and Test Wing, Kirtland AFB, NM. During my assignment with  AFOSI, I never investigated any other UFO sightings. To the best of my knowledge, AFOSI was not in the business of investigating UFOs. My nine years with AFOSI were spent conducting criminal, fraud, counterintelligence  (including anti-terrorist)  and counterespionage operations/investigations. I know of no special agents within AFOSI who investigate UFOs as a full time job. Finally, I know of no secret Government investigation of UFOs. I have never heard of MJ-12 or any secret Government agency that investigates UFOs. To the best of my knowledge, the Air Force does not have any current program which investigates UFOs. 
I am no longer employed by the Air Force Office of Special Investigation. I am not a spokesman for the AFOSI. I will answer any questions you may have regarding my involvement with the 1980 Kirtland incident or my association with Ms. Howe. 
Please forward to me any questions you might have. I promise you a truthful response to questions that I can answer. Questions that I cannot answer, I will so state. 
Sincerely,
Richard C. Doty 
Albuquerque, NM 263 




Appendix 5


Kirtland Air Force Base
Albuquerque, New Mexico,
1980 UFO Intrusion Near Nuclear Missiles


The Albuquerque Tribune
Vol. 61, No. 240
Albuquerque, New Mexico, Friday, April 8, 1983
64 Pages in Pour Sections
UFOs: U.S. reports tell of five sightings in 1980
over Kirtland; city man claims alien contact

By SUSIE GRAN
Tribune Assistant City Editor
Just-released government reports document five
sightings of unidentified flying objects during August 
1980 over Kirtland Air Force Base.
The mysterious encounters, as described in Air
Force reports and revealed through the Freedom of
Information Act, were:
• On Aug. 8, “three security policemen... on duty
inside the Manzano Weapons Storage Area sighted
an unidentified light in the air that traveled north to
south over the Coyote Canyon area of the Department 
of Defense Restricted Test Range on KAFB”,
the government reported.
• The light traveled at high speed and stopped
suddenly in the sky over Coyote Canyon and
eventually landed in the canyon, according to the
security policemen, who then witnessed it “take off
and leave proceeding straight up at a high speed and
disappear.”
• The next day, Aug. 9 a security guard at Sandia
Laboratories on the base observed a bright light
near the ground behind a building in Coyote Canyon.
As he drove nearer, he saw a round, disk-shaped
object and tried to radio for help. But his radio would
not work.
The guard, who did not want his name divulged for
fear of harassment, then walked up to the object.
armed with a shotgun. Suddenly, it took off, going
straight up at high speed.
The guard, a former Army helicopter mechanic,
stated that the UFO was not a helicopter.
• The following day, Aug. 10, a New Mexico state
policeman saw a flying object land in the Manzano
Mountains between Belen and Albuquerque. When
he reported the sighting to the Kirtland command
post, he was told by the public relations office that
the Air Force did not investigate sightings unless
they occurred on an air base.
• Three days later, Aug. 13, radar equipment at
Kirtland and the Albuquerque Airport experienced a
total five-hour blackout from an “unknown cause.”
An Air Force report concluded that “the presence of
hostile intelligence jamming cannot be ruled out”,
but went on to say “no evidence would suggest this.”
• Nine days later, on Aug. 22, three other security
guards observed the same aerial phenomenon
described by the first three guards two weeks
earlier.
“Again the object landed in Coyote Canyon. They
did not see the object take off”, the report said.
• The final Kirtland document is dated Oct. 28,
1980. In it, Air Force scientific advisor Jerry Miller
concluded that a film taken by Four Hills resident
See U.S. REPORTS Page A-6

U.S. reports tell of sightings
Continued from Page A-l	
Albuquerquean Paul Bennewitz, according 
to the official Air Force report written
months later, produced still photographs
and 2,600 feet of 8mm motion picture film
“depicting unidentified aerial objects
flying over and around Manzano Weapons
Storage Area and Coyote Canyon Test
Area.”
Paul Bennewitz “clearly shows... some type of
unidentified aerial objects” at Kirtland.
Miller is a former investigator for Project
Bluebook, the Air Force’s massive investigations of
UFOs that ended in 1969.
Bennewitz, president of a local electronics firm,
lives adjacent to the northern boundary of Manzano
Base.
He said it was on Feb. 2, 1980, that he saw four
“saucer or hat-shaped objects lined up behind the
outside fence” of the Manzano area.
“A black spot and big blue halo appeared,
establishing their force field. There was a flash
under each one as they jumped off the ground in sync
300-400 feet, turned right and were gone to the south”,
he recalled.
He filmed the spectacle from about 2,500 yards
away.
Bennewitz, according to the official Air Force
report written months later, produced still photographs 
and 2,600 feet of 8mm motion picture film
“depicting unidentified aerial objects flying over
and around Manzano Weapons Storage Area and
Coyote Canyon Test Area.”
But investigator Miller reported only that “no
conclusions could be made whether these objects
pose a threat to Manzano-Coyote Canyon areas.”
On Nov. 19, Bennewitz was told that the Air Force
would not investigate the objects and “was not in a
position to evaluate the information and photographs
he has collected.”
However, the sightings reportedly caught the
interest of former New Mexico Sen. Harrison
Schmitt, who inquired why the Air Force refused to
investigate, the report said.
Within the past year or so, Bennewitz, who is
convinced the UFOs are alien ships, has called
Kirtland to again request an investigation, said
George Pearce, Kirtland public affairs officer.
“He said he was in contact with alien beings
through his computer and wanted us to investigate”,
Pearce said.
“I told him we don’t investigate those things since
Project Bluebook ended in 1969 after 22 years of
investigation. Of course, he wasn’t pleased with the
answer.”
Col. John Aday, chief of public affairs at Kirtland,
Project Bluebook concluded that UFOs are no threat
to national defense.
He said he has “no idea” what the 1980 sightings
could have been. “I could conjecture all day about
what might have been going on out there, but I
won’t.”
He said when the Air Force was investigating
UFOs, it was often determined that they were
weather balloons or the like.
“I’m not saying that what Bennewitz saw or what
the security police saw was anything like that, but
because of the record of our investigations, it seems
likely they were nothing dangerous to our national
defense.”
Bennewitz earlier this week in Albuquerque
briefed a group of UFO enthusiasts on his personal
three-year investigation into alien activities in New
Mexico. He said he plans to put his observations into
a book.
Among his conclusions are that there is an alien
base inside an isolated mesa near Dulce, and that the
aliens intend to enslave the earth.
He said his study includes a statement taken from
a New Mexico woman who was taken hostage near
Cimarron by the aliens after she saw them mutilate
a calf.
Bennewitz said he has seen the aliens on a video
screen, and he described them as green and about 4
feet tall and “strong little bastards.”
He told those gathered for the UFO briefing
session that cattle mutilations are the aliens’ source
of supplies needed to build humanoids through gene
splicing. They take the organs and blood from the
animals while they are still alive in order to
maintain a tremendous supply of DNA - the carrier
of the genetic code - for this purpose, he said.
The Kirtland sightings in 1980 were described in
reports sent to the Mutual UFO Network, a Texas-
based UFO internation study group, by the Department 
of the Air Force in December 1982.
“This is an unusually large number (of sightings)
right there on the base”, said MUFON international
director Walter Andrus.
MUFON had to file numerous Freedom of Information 
Act requests to get the reports, Andrus
said in a telephone interview from his headquarters
in Seguin, Texas.
Of the group’s 1,000-plus members, about a dozen
live in New Mexico, six in Albuquerque. Most are
involved in science or related fields. Some are
Sandia Lab employees, Andrus said.
While the Kirtland sightings in 1980 were known to
MUFON, because “we keep our antennas on”, the
official reports were held confidential until MUFON
received the Department of the Air Force documents, 
Andrus said.
MUFON’s effort to gather documents has been a
tough, uphill battle with countless arms of government 
and military agencies.
“We call it our cosmic Watergate”, Andrus said.



Albuquerque Journal, Albuquerque, New Mexico, April 9, 1983
Government Reports Describe
UFO Settings at KAFB in ’80
From United Press International
And Journal Staff Reports
SEGUIN, Texas - Walter Andrus never thought
very much about alien beings or unexplained lights in
the sky until he saw four dull silver objects speeding
high over the Arizona desert almost 25 years ago.
Since then Andrus has compiled reams of material on
UFOs and converted part of his Seguin home into the
headquarters of MUFON - The Mutual UFO Network
- which claims 1,100 members in almost every
country in the world.
MUFON membership is by invitation because "that’s
the only way to keep the crackpots out", said Andrus,
who is convinced that earth is the subject of curious
and watchful extraterrestrial eyes.
Much of the material collected was found in
government files procured through the Freedom of
Information Act, and many of the UFO sightings
occurred in New Mexico, around Kirtland Air Force
Base in Albuquerque.
According to a series of reports from Kirtland Air
Force Base, radar approach control equipment and
scanner radar at Kirtland and the Albuquerque Airport
experienced a “total blackout" from “an unknown
cause” for more than five hours on Aug. 13, 1980.
The report concluded that “the presence of hostile
intelligence jamming cannot be ruled out”, but went on
to say “no evidence would suggest this (was the
cause).”
Just five days earlier, on Aug. 8, a separate report
revealed that “three security policemen... on duty
inside the Manzano Weapons Storage Area sighted an
unidentified light in the air that traveled north to south
over the Coyote Canyon area of the Department of
Defense Restricted Test Range on KAFB, N.M.”
The report said the light traveled at high speed and
stopped suddenly in the sky over Coyote Canyon. The
light eventually landed in the canyon, according to the
security policemen, who then witnessed it “take off and
leave proceeding straight up at a high speed and
disappear.”
The next day, Aug. 9, a security guard at the Sandia
Laboratories near Kirtland observed a bright light near
the ground behind a building in Coyote Canyon. As he
drove near the object, according to the report, he
observed a round, disk-shaped object.
The guard attempted to radio for a second unit, but
the radio would not work. The guard, who did not want
his named divulged for fear of harassment, then
approached the object on foot armed with a shotgun.
But the object took off in a vertical direction at high
speed.
The guard, a former Army helicopter mechanic,
stated that the object he observed was not a helicopter
On Aug. 22, according to the Air Force report, three
other security guards observed the same aerial
phenomenon described by the first three guards on
Aug. 8.
“Again the object landed in Coyote Canyon. They did
not see the object take off”, the report said.
Coyote Canyon is part of a large restricted test range
used by the Air Force Weapons Laboratory, Sandia
Labs and the Defense Nuclear Agency of the Department 
of Defense.
Andrus accuses federal authorities of being
hypocritical in their treatment of civilian UFO sightings.

According to one Air Force report, on Aug. 10, a New
Mexico state Patrolman saw an aerial object land in the
Manzanos between Belen and Albuquerque. When the
patrolman reported the sighting to Kirtland command
post, be was advised by the public relations office that
the Air Force did not investigate such sightings unless
they occurred on an air base.
Another document, dated Oct 28,1980, said Air Force
scientific advisor Jerry Miller, a former investigator
for Project Bluebook, concluded that a film taken by an
Albuquerque man “dearly shows... some type of
unidentified aerial objects.”
The film was made by Paul Bennewitz, president of a
local electronics firm, whose home in the Four Hills
neighborhood is adjacent to the northern boundary of
Manzano Base.
Bennewitz, according to the report, produced still
photographs and 2,600 feet of 8mm motion picture film
“depicting unidentifed aerial objects flying over and
around Manzano Weapons Storage Area and Coyote
Canyon Test Area.”
But Miller reported only that “no conclusions could
be made whether these objects pose a threat to
Manzano-Coyote Canyon areas.”
On Nov. 19, Bennewitz was told that the Air Force
would not become involved in the investigation of the
objects and “was not in a position to evaluate the
information and photographs be has collected.”
Bennewitz said Friday that the objects he saw and
reported to military officials were “saucers.”
“There were four of them and they were about 300
yards from the Manzano weapons storage area and
about 2500 yards from my home. They were just
sitting on the ground and all four would simultaneously
pulsate with a light about every 15 minutes.
“I began watching them about 11 p.m., and about 1:15
a.m., a blue-white light simultaneously flared up from
underneath them. Then, they suddenly flew off in
formation and at a rapid speed that I'd estimate at 2000
mph. They made a right-angle turn and went south,
past the weapons storage mountains, and disappeared
from view.”
Bennewitz, after photographing and filming the
occurrence, reported it to Maj. Ernest Edwards, then
the commander in charge of the Manzano Security
Force, he said. Bennewitz recalled that he subsequently
gave two top-level briefings to military officials, but it
wasn’t until the release of documents through the
Freedom of Information Act that he learned the
information had been passed on, though some of it
inaccurately, to other government officials in
Washington.
“Officials from the National Security Agency told
Edwards they had somebody working on it and 'don’t
call us, we’ll call you.’”
However, the sightings reportedly piqued the interest 
of former New Mexico Sen. Harsison Schmitt,
who inquired why the Air Force refused to investigate,
the report said.
Bennewitz said be has since discovered “the government 
is aware the objects are in fact extraterrestrial
and is currently studying them under a project
code-named ‘Aquarius.’”

Reprinted with permission of United Press International, copyright 1989.



U.S. Federal Document Released Under Freedom of Information Act  (FOIA) 

AFOSI FORM 1 JUN 76 PREVIOUS EDITION WILL BE USEDAtch 1268 COMPLAINT FORM  |  ADMINISTRATIVE DATA TITLE KIRTLAND AFB, NM, 8  Aug  -  3 Sep 80, Alleged Sigthings of Unidentified Aerial Lights in Restricted Test Range. DATE 2  -  9 Sent 80 TIME 1200 PLACE AFOSI Det 1700, Kirtland AFB, NM HOW RECEIVED [X] IN PERSON  |  [ ] TELEPHONICALLY | [ ]IN WRITINGSOURCE AND EVALUATION MAJOR ERNEST E. EDWARDS RESIDENCE OR BUSINESS ADDRESS Commander, 1608 SPS, Manzano Kirtland AFB, NM PHONE 4-7516 CR 44 APPLIES II 
SUMMARY OF INFORMATION REMARKS 
1. On 2  Sept 80, SOURCE related on 8  Aug 80, three Security Policemen assigned to 1608 SPS, KAFB, NM, on duty inside the Manzano Weapons Storage Area sighted an unidentified light in the air that traveled from North to South over the Coyote Canyon area of the Department of Defense Restricted Test Range an KAFB. NM. The Security Policemen identified as:  SSGT STEPHEN FERENZ, Area Supervisor, AIC MARTIN W. RIST and AMN ANTHONY d'. FRAZIER, were later interviewed separately by SOURCE and all three related the same statement;  At approximately 2350hrs., while on duty in Charlie Sector East Side of Manzano, the three observed a  very bright light in the sky approximately 3  miles North-North East of their position. The, light traveled with great speed and stopped suddenly in the sky over Coyote Canyon. The three first thought the object was a  helicopter, however, after observing the strange aerial maneuvers  (stop and go), they felt a  helicopter-couldn't have performed such skills. The light landed in the Coyote Canyon area. Sometime later, three witnessed the light take off and leave proceeding straight up at a high speed and disappear. 
2. Central security Control  (CSC)  inside Manzano, contacted Sandia Security, who conducts frequent building checks on two alarmed structures in the  -  area. They advised that a  patrol was already in the area and would investigate. 
3. On 11 Aug 80, RUSS CURTIS. Sandia Security, advised that on 9  Aug 80, a  Sandia Security Guard,  (who wishes his name not be divulged for fear of harassment), related the following:  At approximately 0020hrs., he was driving East or the Coyote Canyon access road on a  routine building check of an alarmed structure. As he approached the structure he observed a  bright light near the ground behind the structure. He also observed an object he first thought was a  helicopter. But after driving closer, he observed a  round disk shaped object. He attempted to radio for a  back up patrol but his radio would not work. As he approached the object on foot armed with a  shotgun, the object took off in a  vertical direction at a  high rate of speed. The guard was a  former helicopter mechanic in the U.S. Army and stated the object he observed was not a  helicopter. 
4. SOURCE advised on 22 Aug 80, three other security policemen observed the same 
OATE FORWARDED HQ AFOSI 10 Aug 80AFOSI FORM ATTACHED  [ ] YES  [ ] NO DATE 8 Sept 80 TYPED OR PRINTED NAME OF SPECIAL AGENTRICHARD C. DOTY, SA SIGNATUREDISTRICT FILE NO 8014093-0/29DCH RESULTS  [ ] NEFATIVE | [ ] POSITIVE  (See Attached) 

CONTINUED FROM COMPLAINT FORM 1, DTD 9  Sept 80 
aerial phenomena described by the first three. Again the object landed in Coyote Canyon. They did not see the object take off. 
5. Coyote Canycn is part of a  large restricted test range used by the Air Force Weapons Laboratory, Sandia Laboratories, Defense Nuclear Agency and the Department of Energy. The range was formerly patrolled by Sandia Security, however, they only conduct building checks there new. 
6. On 10 Aug 80, a  New Mexico State Patrolman sighted aerial object land in the Manzano's between Belen and Albuquerque, NM. The Patrolman reported the sighting to the Kirtland AFB Command Post, who later referred the patrolman to the AFOSI Dist 17. AFOSI Dist 17 advised the patrolman to make a  report through his own agency. On 11 Aug 80, the Kirtland Public Information office advised the patrolman the USAF no longer investigates such sightings unless they occur on a USAF base. 
7. WRITER contacted all the agencies who utilized the test range and it was learned no aerial tests are conducted in the Coyote Canyon area. Only ground tests are conducted. 
8. On 8  Sept 80, WRITER learned from Sandia Security that another Security Guard observed a  object land near an alarmed structure sometime during the first week of August, but did not report it until just recently for fear of harassment. 
9. The two alarmed structures located within the area contains HQ CR 44
material. 



U.S. Federal Document Released Under Freedom of Information Act  (FOIA) 

MULTIPORPOSE INTERNAL OSI FORM (Complete only applicable items) DO NO.(S)  17/IVO
DET NO.(S) SUBJECT KIRTLAND AFB, NM, 8  Aug  -  3 Sep 80 Alleged Sightings of Unidentified Aerial Lights in Restricted Test Range FILE NQ 8017093-0/29 HEADQUARTERSDO NO. 17/BIDTRANSMITTAL DATE 28 Oct 80 DET NO. HEADQUARTERS SUSPENSE DATE REFERENCEAFOSi Fm 1, 8  Sep 80, Same Title MINOR DISCREPANCIES NOTED ARE LISTED BELOW. YOUR DISTRICT IS DESIGNATED OFFICE OF ORIGIN. ATTACHED REQUIRES INVESTIGATION IN YOUR AREA. DETERMINE SUBJECT'S ACCESS TO CLASSIFIED INFORMATION AS HEADQUARTERS BY OSIM |24-| PARA 2-6-3FORWARO RESULTS DIRECTLY TO OFFICE OF ORIGIN, OR TO: NO FURTHER INVESTIGATION CONTEMPLATED. OUR FILES REFLECT PRIOR INVESTIGATION BY DTD FILE  (By copy of this form)REPORT OF PRIOR INVESTIGATION/SUMMARY ATTACHED. INVESTIGATION CONTINUING AND YOU WILL BE FURNISHED FURTHER REPORTS. DISCONTINUC INVESTIGATION. FORWARO RESULTS OF ANY INVESTIGATION ACCOMPLISHED. DISCREPANCIES BETWEEN LEAD REQUEST AND DEVELOPED INFORMATION ARE SET FORTH. REPORT OF COMMAND ACTION MAS NOT BEEN RECEIVED. REQUEST STATUS OF THIS MATTER AND/OR DATE REPORT MAY BE EXPECTED.  (Requester, forward 3 copies of this form)  (Recipient, use one received copy for answer with proper signature in remarks section unless OSI directives state reply not required.)  REFER ATTACHED TO INTERESTED COMMANDER FOR INFORMATION ON ACTION IF NOT PREVIOUSLY REPORTEDCHECK WORLD-WIDE LOCATOR FOR BELOW LISTED PERSON OR SUBJECT ATTACHED IS FORWARDED FOR INFORMATION AND/OR ACTION.UPON REMOVAL OF ATTACHMENT(S) _  -  THE CLASSIFICATION OF THIS CORRESPONDENCE WILL BE [ ] RETAINED.  [ ] DONWGRADED TO [ ] CANCELED.  [ ] MARKED  "FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY." If classification is retained, with or without attachments, indicate reason for security classification and grouping per AFR 205-1  .)  
REMARKS 
On 24 Oct 80, Dr PAUL FREDRICK BENNEWITZ, Male Born 30 Sep 27, KS, Civ, SSAN:  b7c b7c Albuquerque, NM, contacted SA RICHARD C. DOTY through Major
NEST E. EDWARDS, Commander, 1608 SPS, Kirtland AFB, NM and related he had knowledge and evidence of threats against Manzano Weapons Storage area. The threat was from Aerial phenomena over Manzano. On 26 Oct 80, SA DOTY, with the assistance of JERRY MILLER, GS-15, Chief, Scientific Adivisor for Air Force Test and Evaluation Center, KAFB  , interviewed Dr. BENNEWITZ at his home in the Four Hills Section of Albuquerque, which is adjacent to the northern boundary of Manzano Base.  (NOTE:  MILLER is a  former Project Blue Book USAF Investigator who was signed to Wright-Patterson AFB  (W-PAFB), OH, with FTD. Mr. MILLER in one of the most know ledgeable and impartial investigators of Aerial Objects in the southwest). Dr. BENNEWITZ produced photographs and over 2600 feet of 8mm motion picture film depicting unidentified aerial objects flying over and around Manzano Weapons Storage Area and Coyote Canyon Test Area. Dr. BENNEW1TZ has been conducting independent research into Aerial Phenomena for the last 15 months. Dr. BENNEWITZ also produced several electronic recording tapes, 

APPLIES TOAFOSI/IVQS;  File ATTACHMENTS FILE STAMP ANO/OR OTHE R NAME. GRADE. TITLE. SIGNATURE MAS A. CSEH, Major, USAF Commander Use Investigative Detachment FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY OSI FORM 96 JAN 74270 

allegedly showing high periods of electrical magnetism being emitted from Manzano/Coyote Canyon area. Dr. BENNEWITZ also produced several photographs of flying objects taken over the general Albuquerque area. He has several pieces of electronic surveillance equipment pointed at Manzano and is attempting to record high frequency electrical beam pulses. Dr. BENNEWITZ claims these Aerial Objects produce these pulses. 
3. After analyzing the data collected by Dr. BENNEWITZ, Mr MILLER related the evidence clearly shows that some type of unidentified aerial objects were caught on film;  however, no conclusions could be made whether these objects pose a  threat to Manzano/Coyote Canyon areas. Mr MILLER felt the electronical recording tapes were inconclusive and could have been gathered from several conventional sources. No sightings, other than these, have been reported in the area. 
4. Mr MILLER has contacted FTD personnel at W-P AFB, OH, who expressed an interest and are scheduled to inspect Dr. BENNEWITZ'  data. 
5. Request a  DCII check be made on Dr BENNEWITZ. 
6. This is responsive to HQ CR 44. 
7. Command was briefed but did not request an investigation at this time. 




U.S. Federal Document Released Under Freedom of Information Act  (FOIA)

MULTIPORPOSE INTERNAL OSI FORM (Complete only applicable items) TO. DO NO.(S)  SUBJECT KIRTLAND AFB, NM, 8  Aug  -  3 Sep 80, Alleged Sightings of Unidentified Aerial Lights In Restricted Test Range FILE NO 8017D93-0/29DET NO.(S) HEAQUARTERS IVOSTRANSMITTAL DATE 26 Nov 80FROM DO NO. DET NO. SUSPENSE DATE HEADQUARTERS REFERENCE AFOSI Form 96, 28 Oct 80, Same Title MINOR DISCREPANCIES NOTED ARE LISTED BELOW. YOUR DISTRICT IS DESIGNATED OFFICE OF ORIGIN. ATTACHED REQUIRES INVESTIGATION IN YOUR AREA. DETERMINE SUBJECT'S ACCESS TO CLASSIFIED INFORMATION AS REOUIRED BY OSIM I24-1, PARA 2-6-3. FORWARD RESULTS DIRECTLY TO OFFICE OF ORIGIN, OR TO: NO FURTHER INVESTIGATION CONTEMPLATED. OUR FILES REFLECT PRIOR INVESTIGATION BY DTD. FILE                             (By copy of this form)
is requested to furnish copies of prior investigation/letter summary, if applicable, to                                       
REPORT OF PRIOR INVESTIGATION/SUMMARY ATTACHED. INVESTIGATION CONTINUING AND YOU WILL BE FURNISHED FURTHER REPORTS. DISCONTINUE INVESTIGATION. FORWARD RESULTS OF ANY INVESTIGATION ACCOMPLISHED. DISCREPANCIES BETWEEN LEAD REQUEST AND DEVELOPED INFORMATION ARE SET FORTH. REPORT OF COMMAND ACTION HAS NOT BEEN RECEIVED. REQUEST STATUS OF THIS MATTER AND/OR DATE REPORT MAY BE EXPECTED.  (Requester, forward 3  copies of this form). Recipient, use one
received copy for answer with proper signature in remarks section unless OSI directives state reply not required. REFER ATTACHED TO INTERESTED COMMANDER FOR INFORMATION OR ACTION IF NOT PREVIOUSLY REPORTED. CHECK WORLD-WIDE LOCATOR FOR BELOW LISTED PERSON OR SUBJECT. ATTACHED IS FORWARDED FOR INFORMATION AND/OR ACTION. UPON REMOVAL OF ATTACHMENTS THE CLASSIFICATION ON THIS CORRESPONDENCE WILL BE[ ] RETAINED.  [ ] DOWNGRADED TO  [ ] CANCELED.  [ ] MARKED  "FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY." (If classification is retained, with or without attachments, indicate reason for security classification and grouping per AFR 205-1.)
REMARKS 
1. On 10 Nov 80, a  meeting took place in 1606 ABW/CC Conference Room attended by the following individuals:  BGen WILLIAM BROOKSHER, AFOSP/CC, COL JACK W. SHEPPARD, 1606 ABW/CC, COL THOMAS SIMMON, 1606 ABW/CV, COL CRES BACA, 1606 SPGp/CC, COL FRANK M. HUEY, AFOSI Dist 17/CC, LTC JOE R. LAMPORT, 1606 ABW/SJ, MAJ THOMAS A. CSEH, AFOSI Det 1700/CC, Dr. LEHMAN, Director, AFWL, ED BREEN, AFWL.Instrumentations Specialist and Dr. PAUL F. BENNEWITZ, President Thunder Scientific Laboratory, Albuquerque. Dr. BENNEWITZ presented film and photographs of alleged unidentified Aerial Objects photographed over KAFB, NM during the last 15 months. Dr. BENNEWITZ also related he had documented proof that he was in contact with the aliens flying the objects. At the conclusion of the presentation, Dr. BENNEWITZ expressed an interest in obtaining financial assistance from the USAF in furthering his investigation regarding these objects. DR. LEHMAN advised DR. BENNEWITZ to request a  USAF grant for research. DR. LEHMAN advised DR. BENNEWITZ he would assist him in filling out the proper documents. 
2. Or 17 Nov 80, SA RICHARD C. DOTY, advised DR. BENNEWITZ that AFOSI would not become involved in the investigation of these objects. DR. BENNEWITZ was advised 

comes to Dist 17 IVO, File ATTACHMENTS FILE STAMP AND/OR OTHER NAME, GRADE, TITLE, SIGNATURETHOMAS A. CSEH, MAJOR, USAF Commander Base Investigative Detachment FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY272 AFOSI FORM 96 JAN 74 REPLACES OSI FORM 96 JUN 71 WHICH WILL BE USED 

that AFOSI was not in a  position to evaluate the information and photographs he has collected, to date or technically, investigate such matters. 3. On 26 Nov 80, SA DOTY received a  phone call from an individual who identified himself as U.S. Senator HARRISON SCHMIDT, of New Mexico. SEN SCHMIDT inquired about AFOSI'S role in investigating the aerial phenomena reported by Dr. BENNEWITZ. SA DOTY advised SEN SCHMIDT that AFOSI was not investigating the phenomena. SA DOTY then politely referred SEN SCHMIDT to AFOSI Dist 17/CC. SEN SCHMIDT declined to speak with 17/CC and informed SA DOTY he would request that SAF look into the matter and determine what USAF agency should investigate the phenomena. 4. It should be noted that DR. BENNEWITZ has/had a  number of conversations with SEN SCHMIDT during the last few months regarding BENNEWITZ'S private research. SEN SCHMIDT has made telephone calls to BGEN BROOKSHER, AFOSP/CC regarding the matter since Security Police are responsible for the security of Manzano Storage Area. 273 




Appendix 6
Ellsworth Air Force Base
Rapid City, South Dakota
1977 ETs Disarm Nuclear Missile

Alleged  U.S.  Federal  Government  Document 
275 /COMPLAINT REPORTDATE           /COMPLAINT  NO.INVESTIGATIVE REPORT NO.
    : COMMANDER
44  Missile  Security  Squadron
ELLSW0RTH  AFB,  SD  57706 4. ORGANIZATION (Include location and phone no )  ... civilian and military personnel whom identity is in question         A. COLOR EYES B. COLOR HAIRC. COMPLEXIOND. SEXE.  F. WEIGHTG. HEIGHTH. IDENTITY MARKS (Tatoo, scar, etc)6. HOW DRESSED (Military or civilian, and condition of clothing)7. UNDER INFLUENCE OF  ALCOHOL (Explain an item 10)        OTHER8. .../COMPLAINT (Specify type and location)  HELPING HAND (SECURITY VIOLATION)/COVERED WAGON(SECURITY VIOLATION)  Site Lima 9 (68th SMSq Area)  7 Miles SW of Nisland, SDHOUR 2  100DA  TE 16  Nov  77 9. RECEIVED BY (Typed or printed name, grade, and position)  PAUL D. HINZMAN, SSgt, USAF Comm/Plotter, Wing Security Control IN  PERSON X by  TELERHONE BY MAIL 10. DETAILS OF INCIDENT (who, what, when, where, how. Include attitude at time of apprehension and give details  if uncooperative. Attach statements of medical personnel) 
At 2059 hrs, AIC PHILLIPS,  Samuel A. Lima Security Control, telephoned WSC and reported an OZ alarm activation      at L-9 and that Lima SAT #1, AIC JENKINS & AIC R..EKE were dispatched. (Trip #62,  ETA 2135hrs.). At 2147hrs., AIC PHIILIPS telephoned WSC and reported that the situation  at L-9 had been upgraded to a COVERED WAGON per request of CAPT STOKES, Larry D.,  FSO. Security Option II was initiated by WSC and Base CSC. BAF (Backup Security CONTD) 

11. EVALUATION     |V|UNFOUNDED     | |MISDEMENAOR        | |FELONY OFFENSE        | |MILITARY OFFENSE      | |TRAFFIC 12. PERSONS RELATED TO REPORT (Insert category of relationship  ....     opposite name) A .COMPLAINANT B. VICTIM C. SUSPECT D. WITNESS. E. MP/SP/AP   F .INVESTIGATED BY G. APPREHENDED BY NAME GRADE SSN ORGANIZATION OR ADDRESS AND PHONE NO.EE JENKINS, Kenneth C.RAEKE, Wayne E.AIC AIC 571-13-9597 305-68-7556 44  MSS  (68-3). 44  MSS  (68-3) FFSTEWART,  Robert  E. STOKES,  Larry  D. TSgt Capt 211-28-7556 339-40-9406 44  MSS  (68-3) 44  MSS  (83-3) 13. DISPOSITION OF INCIDENT COMPLAINTREFERRED TO: AFOSI C. EVIDENCE (List and describe, or summarize if appropriate)All  evidence  retained  by  AFOSI  and FBI 

COMMANDER'S REPORT OF DISCIPLINARY ACTIONS TAKENDATETHRJ:; TO: FROM1. OFFENDER
• 2. GRADE3.SSN4.  ACTION 5.  COURTS-MARTIALS ADMINISTRATIVE NON-JUDICIAL JUDICIAL SUMMARY SPECIAL GENERAL PENDING(Charges forwarded)
COMPLETED PENDING TRIAL COMPLETED PENDING TRIAL COMPLETED PENDING TRIAL COMPLETED 6.DETAILS TYPED NAME AND GRACE OF COMMANDING OFFICER SIGNATURE  ! 
REMARKS   
CONTINUED FROM ITEM #10  Force) #l&#2, were formed. At 2340hrs, 16 Nov 77, the following information was  learned: Upon arrival (2132hrs) at Site #L-9, LSAT, JENKINS &. RAEKE, dismounted the SAT vehicle to make a check of the site fence line. At this time RAEKE observed a bright light shinning vertically upwards from the rear of the fence line of L-9.  (There is a small hill approximately 50 yard3 behind L-9) JENKINS stayed with the  SAT vehicle and RAEKE proceeded to the source of the light to investigate. As   RAEKE approached the crest of the hill, he observed an individuals dressed in a glowing  green metallic uniform and wearing a helmet with visor. RAEKE immediately challenged the individual, however; the individual refused to stop end kept walking towards the  rear fence line of L-9. RAEKE aimed his M-16 rifle at the intruder and ordered him to stop. The intruder turned towards RAEKE and aimed a object at RAEKE which emitted a bright flash of intense light. The flash of light struck RAEKE's M-16 rifle, disin-tegrating the weapon and causing second and third degree burns to RAEKE's hands. RAEKE immediately took cover and concealment and radioed the situation to JENKINS, who in  turn radioed a 10-13 distress to Lima Control. JENKINS responded to RAEKE's position and carried RAEKE back to the SAT vehicle. JENKINS then returned to the rear fence line to stand guard. JENKINS observed two intruders dressed in the same uniforms,  walk through the rear fence line of L-S. JENKINS challenged the two individuals but they refused to stop. JENKINS aimed and fired two rounds from his M-16 rifle. One bullet struck one intruder in the back and one bullet struck one intruder in the  helmet. Both intruders fell to the ground, however, approximately 15 seconds later  both returned to an upright position and fired several flashes of light at JENKINS.  JENKINS took cover and the light missed JENKINS. The two intruders returned to the east side of the hill and disappeared. JENKINS followed the two and observed them go inside a saucer shaped object approximately 20' in diameter and 20' thick. The object emitted a glowing greenish light. Once the intruders were inside, the object climbed vertically upwards and disappeared over the Eastern horizon. RAF #1 arrived at the site at 2230hrs., and set up a security perimeter. Site Survey Teams arrived at the site (0120hrs.) and took radiation readings, which measured from 1.7 to 2.9  roentgens. Missile Maintenance examined the missile warhead and warhead and found the nuclear components missing from the warhead. COL. SPRAKER, Wing Cmdr. arrived at the site 

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY 

...area. All evidence found  at the scene and the follow-up report will beclassified by order of COL. Spraker. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: RAEKE was treated at the  base Hospital by   MOD (Capt)Sanias for seconds and third degree radiation burns to each hand.  RAEKE wasAir-o-Vac to an unspecified location. RAEKE'S M-16 rifle could not  be located at the area. FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY




Appendix 7


McGuire Air Force Base
Wrightstown, New Jersey
1978 Alien Being Shot


Alleged U.S. Federal Government Document 

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE 
THE SECURITY POLICE SQUADRON  (PACAF) APO SAN FRANCISCO 94239 
REPLY TO:
ATTN OF: 
SUBJECT:
Response for Request of Information in Relation to UFO Contact and Other Related information 
TO: Len Stringfield 
1. In January of 1978, I  was station at McGuire AF3, N.J.. One evening  , during the time frame of 0300hrs. and 0500hrs., there were a  number of UFO sightins in the area over the air field and Ft. DIX Army camp. I  am a  security policeman and was on routine patrol at the time. N.J. State Police, and Ft. Dix MP's were running code in the direction of Brownsvllle,N.J.. A  state trooper then entered Gate  #5 at the rear of the base requesting assistance and permission to enter. I  was dispatched and the trooper wanted access to the runway area which led to the very back of the air field and connected with a  heavily wooded area which is part of the Dix training area. He informed me that a  Ft. Dix MP was pursueing a  low flying object which then hovered over his car. He described it as oval shaped, with no details, and glowing with a  blueish green color. His radio transmission was cut off. At that time in front of his police car, appeared a  thing, about 4ft. tall, greyish, brown, fat head, long arms, and slender body. The MP panicked and fired five rounds from his  .45 Cal into the thing, and one round into the object above. The object then fled straight up and joined with eleven others high in the sky. This we all saw but didn't knew the details at the time, Anyway, The ting ran into the woods towards our fenceline and they wanted to look for it. By this time several patrols were involved. 
2. We found the body of the thing near the runway. It had apparently climbed the fence and died while running. It was all of a  sudden hush-hush and no one was allowed near the area. We roped off the area and AFOSI came out and took over. That was the last I saw of it. There was a  bad stench coming from it too. Like ammonia smelling but it wasn't constant in the air. That day, a  team from Wright-Patterson AFB came in a  C141
and vent to the area. They crated it in a  wooden box, sprayed something over it, and then put it into a  bigger metal container. They loaded it in the plane and took off. That was it, nothing more said, no report made and we were all told not to have anything to say about it or we would be court martialed. 
3. I  will be getting out of the air force in about two months. Do not disclose my name as I  could get into trouble. I am interested in pursuing this and other matters if you need help. Forgive me for not signing this but I  can't take any chances. Please reply to the above address and my parents will forward it to me or I  will be home already. Don't send it here because they monitor all mail closely and I  again don't want to take any chances. Figure 1 59 279 



Alleged U.S. Federal Government Document 

INCIDENT/COMPLAINT REPORT  (Continue on "REMARKS" on reverse, if necessary)
Figure 2 60 Front Page DD ,FORM 1569 JUL 72
DATE 18 Jan 78 INCIDENT/COMPLAIN NO 239-78 INCIDENT/COMPLAIN NO 1/18-239-78 [X] INFORMATION  [ ] COMPLAINT   [ ] COMMANDING OFFICER REPORT OF ACTION REQUIRED (See reverse)THRU: TO: FROM:  th SPS MAFB, N.J. 098641. SUBJECT 2. GRADE 3. SSN 4. ORGANIZATION (Include location and phone no.) 5. DESCRIPTION (Complete on all civilans and military personnel whose identity is in question)A. COLOR EYESB. COLOR HAIRC. COMPLEXIOND. SEXE. F. WEIGHTG. HEIGHTH. IDENTIFYING MARKS (Tattoo, scar, etc) 6. DRESSING (Military or civilian and condition of clothing)7. UNDER INFLUENCE OF ALCOHOL (Explain in item10)    OTHER 8. INCIDENT/COMPLAINT (Specify type and location) UFO/SIGHTNG/Incident Inactive Runway #5 MAFB, N.J. 09864HOUR0315hrs. DATE 18 Jan 78 9. RECEIVED BY (Typed and printed name, grade and position)  N.J. State Police Wrightstown Barracks, N.J.X IN PERSONX BY TELEPHONEBY MAIL 
10. DETAILS OF INCIDENT  (Who, what,when, where, haw. Include attitude at time of af apprehension and give details if incooperative. Attach statements of medical personnel )On the above date and time it was reported to this office that there were reports of UFO sightings over the base and an incident in progress on the Ft. Dlx installation. Also, MAFB control tower, A1C R ... reported same. Upon further investigation it was reported that an unidentified being, had been shot by Dix MP's and same entered MAFB at above location. 
11. EVALUATION  [X] UNFOUNDED [ ]MISDEMEANAOR [ ]FELONY [ ]MILITARY OFFENSE [ ]TRAFFIC 12 PERSONS RELATED TO REPORT (Insert category of relationship letter opposite name) A. COMPLAINANT B. VICTIM C. SUSPECT D. WITNESS E. MP/SP/AP. F. INVESTIGATED BY 6. APPREHENDED BYNAME GRADESSN ORGANIZATION OR ADDRESS AND PHONE NO.E S______, J________F-4Ft Dix MP BattallionE L_______, M_________E-3 .. th.SPS.MAFB.N.J. E M_______,J__________E-3 .. th.SPS.MAFB.N.J.F M________,F_________O-5 CO. ... th.SPS MAFB 
13. DISPOSITION INCIDENT/COMPLAINTA. REFERRED TOC. EVIDENCE (List and describe or summarise as appropriate) One body of unknown origin released to the care of OSI District Commander and Special recovery team from Wright-Pat 
AFB. PATROL SEE REPORT NUMBER AT TOP OF PAGEX OTHER AGENCY (Specify)         NONEB. OFFENDER 
14. INCLOSURES(Statements and receipts)  1169/70 
15.DISTRIBUTION Col. Landon Brig.Gen. Brown AFOSI 

COMMANDER'S REPORT OF DISCIPLINARY ACTION TAKEN (To be evaluated by the CO of the offender when the reverse side of this form indicates that discipline enforcement is desired. Indicate actions in Items 4 and 3, if applicable, and explain as required in item 4. Forward through command channel within TEN days of receipt of the report. To facilitate transmission turn this side face up when returning correspondence through message center.) DATETHRU: TO:FROM1. OFFENDER2. GRADE3. SSN4. ACTION5. COURTS-MARTIAL ADMINISTRATIVE NON-JUDICIAL JUDICIAL SUMMARY SPECIAL GENERAL Pending(Charges forwarded) Completed PENDING TRIAL COMPLETED PENDING TRIAL COMPLETED PENDING TRIAL COMPLETED 6. DETAILS TYPED NAME AND GRADE OF COMMANDING OFFICER SIGNATURE REMARKS
(Cont)  Further investigation revealed that there was some kind or body
found on our installation. Area was cordoned off and ECP set up. USAF
clinic personnel advised and dispatched accordingly. Recovery team notifiedand responding. All necessary personnel have been notified. See further 1569’s for more information. investigation pending. 
C ,WC Flt. Desk Sergeant 
Back Page 61 Figure 2 



Alleged U.S. Federal Government Document 

UFO FLIGHT PATTERNS OBSERVED BY SGT. MORSE FIGURE 4
Morse commented: "After this formation they all dispersed in different directions". 

Figure 5 
McGUIRE AIR FORCE BASE FORT DIX ARMY BASE Gate  *5 282 63 APPROXIMATE AREA
OF INCIDENT WITH FT. DIX MP. 



Appendix 8


UFO at Edwards Air Force Base
Near Palmdale, California,
1958 Eyewitness Account

Jan 10, 1989 
Dear Linda: The following is a  statement of my direct contact with the UFO vehicle When I was in the Service.* In 1958, the First week in September, I  was doing a Postflight Inspection on the X-15 aircraft of which I  was assigned to do routine Airborne Radio Maintenace. The X-15 had landed out on the desert runway and I  had taken my jeep to do the work. When I  finished the inspection I had several miles to put on my jeep to validate its use for the day so I  went out to one of the hangers that was on the North side of the runway. As I  came upon one opened hangars noticed a  round disc shaped object about 21 feet across. It stood about 7  or 8  feet in height silvery and the only other noticeably characteristic was that it didn't appear to have any seams. I  was within 20 ft of the object. I  did not make any other close inspection and then drove back to my squadron and mentioned that I  has seen the craft to my immediate superior. He then instructed me to see my C.O. to get a  briefing. I  then met him and explained what I  had done, and was instructed to basically foget the incident and that if someone else asks me about the craft if they would happen to see the craft, then I  would merely inform them that it is a  new Ion powered craft that is designed by Sikorsky  ( The helicopter manufacturer)  that is to be used in outer space. No other mention was to be said. At the time I  had a  TOP SECRET clearance, 19 years old, and gung ho for the Air Force, so nothing else was said. I  did mention the sightening to my friend who happened to be the base photographer, and he in confidence showed me pictures he had taken of the craft along with the two dead occupants which looked to be small humanoid with long slender arms, hand, and slim legs. The heads were similiar, with no ears, no nose, but a  slit, and a  slit for ears or round hole. The features were more of a  reptilian look with no hair. I  was then told to remain quiet about matter as the government will release the information in its own time. My own perspective of the craft is that it was not ours, that we were being vistited by some alien intelligence and was then prepared to accept other life forms elsewhere. No further investigation into the matter by me as I  was then transferred to other duty in the Far East.George Green BOX 441335 Aurora, Colo 80014 *  Edwards AFB, 36 miles northeast of Palmdale, California. 



Appendix 9


Project AQUARIUS


Trilateral Insignia and Project AQUARIUS referenced in Nov. 17,1980, AFOSI Bolling AFB to AINTELG Ft. Belvoir, Va. re:  UFO Photos and Film 

SECRET  (Classification crossed out) 
(censored) 17 Nov 1980 
(censored line) 
ZNY  (censored) GT (censored)  FOR AFOSI ONLY 
R  171130Z Nov 80 
FM HQ AFOSI BOLLING AFB DC//IVOE 
TO  (censored) 
INFO 7602 AINTELG FT BELVOIR VA//INSR 
(censored)  FOR AFOSI ONLY 
REF:  REQUEST FOR PHOTO IMAGERY INTERPRETATION YOUR MSG 292030Z OT 80. SUBJECT CASE NR:  (censored) 
1. SUBJECT NEGATIVES/FILM WERE ANALYZED BY HQ IVT AND 7602 AINTEG/IT AND THE FOLLOWING RESULTS WERE FOUND: A. NEGATIVE  #  1:  DEPLICTING  (sic, should be spelled DEPICTING)  C-5A AIRCRAFT ON APPROACH AND STREAKING UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECT IN LOWER RIGHT PORTION OF FILM. FILM FOUND TO BE UNALTERED. SIZE DIFFERENTIAL WAS NOT CONSISTENT WITH SIZE OF AIRCRAFT. CONCLUSION:  INCONCLUSIVE. 
2. NEGATIVE  #2:  DEPLICTING  (sic)  CYLINDER SHAPED UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECT IN UPPER LEFT PORTION OF PHOTO. FILM FOUND TO BE UNALTERED. FILM SHOWED OBJECT TO BE CONSISTENT WITH FIELD DEPH AND CONSISTENT WITH RELATIVE SIZE OF FIXED OBJECTS. CONCLUSION:  LEGITIMATE NEGATIVE OF UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECT. FOLTON, REINFELD METHOD DID NOT REVEAL VISIBLE MARKINGS ON OBJECT. 
3. NEGATIVE  #3:  DEPLICTING  (sic)  IRREGULAR SHAPED UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECT IN SEVEN FRAMES OF 8MM FILM. BECAUSE OF THE SIZE AND APPARENT SPEED OF OBJECT NO FURTHER CLASSIFICATION OR CONCLUSION COULD BE DRAWN. FILM SHOWN TO BE UNALTERED. 
4. 34 INCHES OF 8MM FILM:  DEPLICTING  (sic)  APPARENT COLORED OBJECT MOVING IN FRONT OF STILL CAMERA. FILM FOUND TO BE UNALTERED. SPECTROGRAPHY REVEALED COLOURS TO BE BASIC PRISM FEATURES. DEPTH ANALYSIS REVEALED OBJECT TO BE WITHIN 152MM OF CAMERA. OBJECT WAS NOT CONSISTENT WITH RELATIVE SIZE OF FIXED OBJECTS OBSERVED FOR SEVERAL SECONDS IN FILM. CONCLUSION:  INCONCLUSIVE. 
5. ORIGINAL NEGATIVE DEPLICTING  (sic)  UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT. FILM FOUND TO BE UNALTERED. BECAUSE OF A  LACK OF FIXED OBJECTS IN THE FILM, NO DEPTH ANALYSIS COULD BE PERFORMED. FOLTON, REINFELD METHOD REVEALED OBJECT TO BE SAUCER SHAPED, APPROXIMATE DIAMETER FEET. OBJECT CONTAINED A  TRILATERAL INSIGNIA ON THE LOWER PORTION OF OBJECT. CONCLUSION:  LEGITIMATE NEGATIVE OF UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECT. 
REF YOUR REQUEST FOR FURTHER INFORMATION REGARDING HQ CR 44. THE FOLLOWING PROVIDED:  CAPT. GRACE 7602 AINTELG, INS CONTACTED AND RELATED FOLLOWING: (S/WINTEL)  ALL UFO SIGHTINGS OVER USAF INSTALLATION/TEST RANGES  .. SEVERAL OTHER GOVERNMENT AGENCIES, LEAD BY NASA, ACTIVELY INVESTIGATES LEGITIMATE SIGHTINGS THROUGH COVERT COVER  (S,WINTEL/FSA). ONE SUCH COVER IS UFO REPORTING CENTER, US COAST AND GEODETIC SURVEY, ROCKVILLE;  MD 20852. NASA FILTERS RESULTS OF SIGHTINGS TO APPROPRIATE MILITARY DEPARTMENTS WITH INTEREST IN THAT PARTICULAR SIGHTING. THE OFFICIAL GOVERNMENT POLICY AND RESULTS OF PROJECT AQUARIUS IS STILL CLASSIFIED TOP SECRET WITH NO DISSEMINATION OUTSIDE OFFICIAL INTELLIGENCE CHANNELS AND WITH RESTRICTED ACCESS TO  "MJ TWELVE". CASE ON BENNEWITZ IS BEING MONITORED BY NASA INS, WHO REQUEST ALL FUTURE EVIDENCE BE FORWARDED TO THEM THRU AFOSI/IVOE.  (censored) REF YOUR REQUEST FOR TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE. BECAUSE OF A  CHANCE OF PUBLIC DISCLOSURE, NO KNOWLEDGEABLE PERSONNEL WITH SPA WILL BE PROVIDED. CONTINUE TO RECEIVE ASSISTANCE FROM INDIVIDUALS MENTIONED IN YOUR MESSAGE, MILLER, FUGATE. BECAUSE OF SENSITIVITY OF CASE, REQUEST THEY BE THOROUGHLY DEBRIEFED AT REGULAR INTERVALS GRADE  (censored) 

Author’s emphasis. 



Alleged 1980s U.S. Govt. Document from MJ12 Project AQUARIUS, Established 1953 

TOP SECRET 
EXECUTIVE CORRESPONDENCE 
EXECUTIVE BRIEFING
SUBJECT:PROJECT AQUARIUS {TS}
ATTENTION 
THIS DOCUMENT WAS PREPARED BY MJ12. MJ12 IS SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ITS SUBJECT MATTER.
DOCUMENT CONTROL: ECN 0001 CLASSIFIED BY  : MJ12-Co/34012
DECLASSIFY ON:. EXEMPT CAT 1288 
TOP SECRET 

TOP SECRET 
CLASSIFICATION AND RELEASE INSTRUCTIONS
{TS/ORCON} The information contained in this document is classify TOP SECRET with ORCON.  { only the originator may release information} Only MJ12 has access to Project Aquarius. No other government agency, to include the military, has access to the information contained in this briefing. There are only two copies of Project Aquarius ana the location is known only to MJ12. This document will be destroyed after the briefing. No notes, photographs, or audio recordings, may be made of this briefing.
PAGE 0 OF 0
TOP SECRET 

TOP SECRET 
PROJECT AQUARIUS 
{TS/ORCON} {PROWORD: DANCE} Contains 16 volumes of documented information collected  from the beginning of the United States Investigation of Unidentified Flying objects {UFOs} and Identified Alien Crafts  {IAC}. The Project was originally established in 1953, by order of President Eisenhower, under control of NSC and MJ12.
In 1966 the Project's name was changed from Project Gleem to Project Aquarius. The Project was funded by CIA confidential funds  {non-appropriated}. The Project was originally classified SECRET but was upgraded to its present classification in Dec 1969 after Project Blue Book was closed. The purpose of Project Aquarius was to collect all scientific, technological, medical and inteligence information from UFO/IAC sightings and contacts with alien life forms. This orderly file of collected infomation has been used to advance the United States Space Programs.
{TS/ORCON} The proceeding briefing is an historical account of the United States Government’s investigation of Aerial Phenomenas, Recovered Alien Aircrafts and Contacts with Extraterrestrial Life Forms. 
PAGE 1 OF 4
TOP SECRET 

TOP SECRET 
EXECUTIVE BRIEFING
{TS/ORCON} In July 1947, a  Civilian pilot flying over the Cascade mountains of Washington State observed nine flying discs,  {later referred to as UfOs}. The Commander, Air Technical Intelligence Center of the then Army Air Force, became concerned and ordered an inquiry. This was the beginning of the United States involvement with UFO investigations. In 1947 an aircraft of extraterrestrial origin, crashed in the desert of New Mexico. The craft was recovered by the military.Four Alien  {non homo-sapiens} bodies were recovered in the wreckage. The Aliens were found to be creatures not related to human beings  {Atch 1}. In late 1949, another Alien aircraft crashed in the United States and was recovered partially intact by the military. One Alien of extraterrestrial origin survived the crash. The surviving Alien was male and called itself,  "EBE". The Alien was thoroughly interrogated by military intelligence personnel at a  base in New Mexico. The Alien’s language was translated by means of picturegraphs. It was learned the Alien came from a  planet in the Zeta riticuli star system, approximately 40 lights years from Earth. EBE lived until Jun 18, 1952, when he died of an unexplained illness. During the time period EBE was alive, he provided valuable information regarding space technology, origins of the Universe, and exobiological matters, further data is containted in Atch 2.
PAGE 2 OF 9 
TOP SECRET 

TOP SECRET 
{TS/ORCON}  The recovery of Alien aircrafts lead the United States on an extensive investigative program to determine whether these Aliens posed a  direct threat to our national security. In 1947, the newly created Air Force initiated a  program to investigate incidents involving UFOs. The program was operated under three different code names:  Grudge, Sign and finally Blue Book. The original mission of the Air Force program was to collect and analyze all reported sightings or incidents involving UFOs and determine whether the information could be interrupted as having any bearing on the security of the United States. Some information was evaluated with the idea of using the gained data to advance our own space technology and future space programs. 90 percent of the estimated 12,000 reports analyzed by the Air Force, were considered hoaxes, explained aerial phenomenas or natural astronomical objects. The other 10 percent were considered legitimate Alien sightings and/or incidents. However, not all UFO sightings or incidents were reported under the Air Force program. In 1953, Project Gleem was initiated by order of President Eisenhower, who believed the UFOs presented a  threat to the national security of the United States. Project Gleem, which became Project Aquarius in 1966, was a  parallel reporting system for UFO sightings and incidents. Reports collected under Project Aquarius were considered actual sightings, of Alien aircrafts or contacts with Alien Life Forms. Most reports were made by reliable military and defense department civilian personnel. 292 TOP SECRETAlleged 1980s U.S. Govt. Document from MJ12 Project AQUARIUS, Established 1953 
PAGE 3 OF 9 
TOP SECRET

TOP SECRET
{TS/ORCON}  In 1958 the United States recovered a  third Alien aircraft from the desert of Utah. The aircraft was in excellent flying condition. The aircraft was apparently abandoned by the Aliens for some unexplainable reason, since no Alien Life frms were found in or around the aircraft. The aircraft was considered a
technological marvel by United States Scientists. However, the operating instrumentations of the aircraft were so complexed that our scientists could not interrupt their operation. The aircraft was stored in a  top security area and analysed throughout the years by our best aerospace scientists. The United States gained a
large volume of technological data from the recovered Alien aircraft. A detailed description and further information regarding the aircraft is explained in Atch 3.
PAGE 4 OF 9 
TOP SECRET 

TOP SECRET 
SUB PROJECTS UNDER PROJECT AQUARIUS 
1. {TS/ORCON) PROJECT BANDO:  {PROWORD:  RISK}  Originally established in 1949. Its mission was to collect and evaluate medical information from the surviving Aliens creature and the recovered Alien bodies. This Project medically examined EBE and provided United States medical researchers with certain answers to the evolution theory.  {OPR:  CIA}  {Terminated in 1974}.
2.{TS/ORCON}  PROJECT SIGMA {PROWORD:MIDNIGHT}  Originally established as part of Project Gleem in 1154. Became a  separate project in 1176. Its mission was to establish communication with Aliens. This Project met with positive sucess. when in 1959, the United States established primitive communications with the Aliens. On April 25, 1964, a  USAF intelligence Officer, met two Aliens at a  pre-. arranged location in desert of New Mexico. The contact lasted for approximatelythree hours. Based on tne Alien’s language given to us by EBE, the Air Force officer managed to exchange basic information with the two Aliens  {Atch 7}. This project is continuing at an Air Force base in New Mexico  {OPR: MJ12/NSA}
3. {TS/ORCON}	PROJECT SNOWBIRD: {PROWORD: CETUS}. Originally established in 1972. Its mission was to test fly a recovered Alien aircraft. This project is continuing in Nevada. {OPR: USAF/NASA/CIA/MJ12} 
4. {TS/ORCON} PROJECT POUNCE: {PROWORD: DIXIE}. Originally established in 1968. Its mission was to evaluate all UFO/UAC information pertaining to space technology. PROJECT POUNCE continues. {OPR: NASA/USAF} 
PAGE .. OF 9 
TOP SECRET 

TOP SECRET 
{TS/ORCON} Several scientific investigations, at the request of the Air Force and CIA, were initiated during the era of Project Blue Book. MJ12decided that offically, the Air Force should end their investigation of UFOs.This decision was arrived at during the MJ12meeting {Atch 4} in 1966. The reasonwas twofold. First, the United States has established communication with the Aliens. The United States felt relatively sure the Aliens exploration of Earth was non-aggressive and non-hostile. It was also established that the Aliens presencedid not directly threaten the security of the United States. Secondly, the publicwas beginning to believe that UFOs were real. The NSC felt this public feeling could lead to nationwide panic. The United States was involved in several sensitive projects during this time period. It was felt that public awareness of theseprojects would have jeopardized the future space program of the United States. Therefore, MJ12 decided that an independent scientific study of the UFO phenomena would be needed to satisfy public curiosity. The final official study of the UFOphenomena was accomplished by the University of Colorado of under Air Force contract.The study concluded that sufficient data did not exist that would indicate UFOs threatened the security of the United States. the final conclusion satisfied thegovernment and allowed the the Air Force to officially step out of the UFO investigating business.
PAGE .. OF 9 
TOP SECRET 

TOP SECRET 
{TS/ORCON} When the Air Force officially closed Project Blue Bookin Dec 1969, Project Aquarius continued operation under control of NSC/MJ12. The NSC felt investigations of UFO sightings and incidents had to continue in secrecy withoutany public knowledge. The reasoning behind the decision was ths:if the Air Force continued its investigation of UFOs, eventually some uncleared and unbriefedAir Force or defense department civilian officials would obtain the facts behind
Project Aquarius. Obviously {for operational security reasons}  this could not be allowed. In order to continue the investigation of UFO sightings and incidents in secrecy, investigators from CIA/DCD and MJ12 were assigned to military and other government agencies with orders to investigate all legitimate UFO/IAC sightingsand incidents. These agents are presently operating at various locations throughoutthe the United Sstates and Canada. All reports are filtered either directly or indirectly to MJ12. These agents are collecting reports of UFO/UAC sighting and incidents occurring on or near sensitive governmental installations.  {NOTE: Aliens have been extremely interested in our nuclear weapons and nuclear research. Many reported military incidents occur over nuclear weapons bases. The Aliens' interest in our nuclear weapons can only be attributed to the future threat of a nuclear was on earth. The Air Force nave initiated measures to assure the security of the nuclear weapons from Alien theft or destruction}. MJ12 feels confident the Aliens are on an exploration of our solar system for peaceful purposes. However, we must continue to observe and track the Aliens movement until it is determined that the Alien's future plans contain no threat to our national security or the civilisation of earth. 
PAGE 6 OF 9
TOP SECRET 

TOP SECRET
{TS/ORCON}  Most governmental documents pertaining to UFO sightings, incidents and governmental policies, including Project Blue Book, have been released to the public under FOIA or under various other release programs. MJ12 felt the remaining documents and information  {not relating to Project Aquarius}  relating to technological facts regarding Aliens medical matters, the fact that an Alien was captured alive and survived for three years under secrecy, can not be released to the public for fear the information would be obtained by SHIS. There was other information obtained from EBE that was deemed sensitive and not releasable to the public. Notably, Project Aquarius Volume IX, which pertains to tracing the Aliens first visitation of earth back some 5,000 years. EBE reported that 2,000 years ago his ancestors planted a  human creature on earth to assist the inhabitants of earth in developing a  civilization. This information was only vague and the exact identity or background information on this homo-sapien was not obtained. Undoubtfully, if this information was released to the public, it would cause a  worldwide religious panic. MJ3 has developed a  plan that will allow release of Project Aquarius, Volumes I  thru III. The release program calls for a gradual release of information over a  period of time in order to condition the public for future disclosures. Atch 5 of this briefing contains certain guidlines for future public releases. PAGE 7 OF 9           
TOP SECRET

TOP SECRET
{TS/ORCON} In the 1976 MJ3 report  {Atch 6}, it was estimated the Alien's technology was many thousands of years ahead Of United States technology. Our scientists speculate that until our technology develops to a  level equal to the Aliens, we cannot understand the large volume of scientific information the United States has already gained from the Aliens. This advancement of United States Technology may take many hundred of years. 
PAGE 8 OF 9
TOP SECRET



Appendix 10

Project SNOWBIRD


Alleged U. S. Federal Government Document

TOP SECRET UNCLASSIFIED stamped over. SUB PROJECTS UNDER PROJECT 2.  (TS/ORCON)  PROJECT SIGMA:  (PROWORD:  censored)  Originally established as part of Project  (censored)  in 1954. Became a  separate project In 1976. Its mission was to establish communication with Aliens. This project met with positive success when in 1959, the United States established primitive communications with the Aliens. On April 25, 1964, a  USAF Intelligence Officer, met two Aliens at a  pre-arranged location in the desert of New Mexico. The contact lasted for approximately three hours,  (censored half line), the Air Force officer managed to exchange basic information with the two Aliens.  (Atch 7). This project is continuing at an Air Force base in New Mexico.  (OPR:  (censored) 3.  (TS/ORCON)  PROJECT SNOWBIRD:  (PROWORD:  censored)  Originally established in 1972. Its mission was to test fly a  recovered alien aircraft. This project is continuing in Nevada,  (censored words) 4.  (TS/ORCON)  PROJECT  (censored). Originally established in 1968. Its mission was to evaluate all UFO  (censored)  information pertaining to space technology. PROJECT POUNCE continues  (censored). TOP SECRET




Appendix 11

1975 DD-214 Honorable Discharge Milton William Cooper;
February 10, 1989, Notarized Statement “Operation Majority”;
January 10, 1989, Final Release Computer Statement;
April 5, 1989, Letter from Robert Swan


U.S. Federal Government Document 

1. LAST NAME, FIRST NAME, MIDDLE NAME COOPER, MILTON WILLIAM 2. SEXM 3. SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER 447  |  44  |  4234 4. DATE OF BIRTH YEAR 43 MONTH 05DAY065. DEPARTMENT, COMPONENT AND BRANCH OR CLASS NAVY  -  USN 5. GRADE, RATE OR RANK QM1PAY GRADE E67. DATE OF RANK YEAR74MONTH05DAY16SELECTIVE SERVICE NUMBER NA SELECTIVE SERVICE LOCAL BOARD NUMBER. CITY. STATE AND ZIP CODE ---------------------6 HOME OF RECORD AT TIME OF ENTRY INTO ACTIVE SERVICE (Street, ... City, State and ZIP Code) HYATTESVILLE, MD 9A. TYPE OF SEPARATION DISCHARGED A  STATION OR INSTALLATION AT WHICN EFFECTED NSA TI SFRAN CA A  AUTHORITY AND REASON ----------------------------------------------------------EFFECTIVE DATE YEAR 75MONTH 12 DAY11CHARACTER OF SERVICE HONORABLE TYPE OF CERTIFICATE ISSUED DD256N 10. REENLISTMENT CODE -------11. LAST DUTY ASSIGNMENT ANO MAJOR COMM ANO USS ORISKANY CVA 34 12. COMMAND TO WHICH TRANSFERRED NA 13. TERMINAL DATE OF RESERVE/ MSS OBLIGATION YEAR MONTH DAYNA 14. PLACE OF ENTRY INTO CURRENT ACTIVE SERVICE  (City. State and ZIP Code)HONOLULU HI 15. DATE ENTERED ACTIVE DUTY THIS PERIODYEAR 69MONTH 12 DAY31 16. PRIMARY SPECIALTY NUMBER AND TITLE QM 0000RELATED CIVILIAN OCCUPATION AND D.O.T. NUMBER 911 WATER TRANS OCCUPS RECORD OF SERVICE YEARS MONTHS DAYS (a) NET ACTIVE SERVICE THIS PERIOD 051103(b) PRIOR ACTIVE SERVICE 07081217. SECONDARY SPECIALTY NUMBER AND TITLE QM 0000A RELATEO CIVILIAN OCCUPATION AND D.O.T. NUMBER NA (c) TOTAL ACTIVE SERVICE 130715(d) PRIOR INACTIVE SERVICE 000516(e)TOTAL SERVICE FOR PAT  (c+d) 1401010f FOREIGN AND/OR SEA SERVICE THIS PERIOD 05110319. INDOCHINA OR KOREA SERVICE SINCE AUGUST 5 1964 [X] YES  [ ] NO 20 HIGHEST EDUCATION LEVEL SUCCESSFULLY COMPLETED SECONDARY/HIGH SCHOOL (1-12grades ) COLLEGE______________  YRS 21. TIME LOST  ---22. DAYS ACCRUED LEAVE PAIDNO LES2 3  .SERVICEMEN'S GROUP LIFE INSURANCE COVERAGE
[X] $15,000   [] $ 5,000   
20,000. [ ] $10,000   [ ] NONE 24. DISABILITY SEVERANCE PAY [X] NO  [ ] YES AMOUNT 25. PERSONNEL.SECURITY INVESTIGATION TYPE BIDATE COMPLETED 23 JUL 70 26. DECORATIONS, MEDALS. BADGES, COMMENDATIONS, CITATIONS AND CAMPAIGN RIBBONS AWARDED OR AUTHORIZED GOOD CONDUCT MEDAL  {1ST} FOR PERIOD ENDING 21JAN70 NDSM VSM  {2}
VCM  {D}; NAVY COMMENDATION MEDAL W/COMBAT  "V";  NUCR NAVY ACHIEVEMENT MEDAL W/COMBAT  "V". 27. REMARKSMRPO 1&C AUTHORITY:  BUPER SMAN 3840240.2A KBK RE-1 QM 1 & C28. MAILING ADDRESS AFTER SEPARATION  (Street,  ... City. County, State and ZIPCode)43129 CONTINENTAL DRIVE FREMONT CA 94538 29. SIGNATURE OF PERSON BEING SEPARATED30. TYPED NAME. GRADE AND TITLE OF AUTHORIZING OFFICER C  A CENITA PNC USN ASST TO SEPS OFF BY DIR OF CO 31. SIGNATURE OF OFFICER AUTHORIZED TO SIGNDD FORM 214 N       1NOV 72PREVIOUS EDITIONS OP THIS FORM ARE OBSOLETE. S/N 0102-002-0202 THIS IS AN IMPORTANT RECORD SAFEGUARD IT. REPORT OF SEPARATION FROM ACTIVE DUTY (See BUPERS INST 1900.2 series)  2THIS IS AN IMPORTANT RECORD SAFEGUARD IT. 



Notarized Statement by Bill Cooper, February 10, 1989 

NOTARIZED DECLARATION OF MILTON WILLIAM COOPER 
To whom it may concern; 
1. I  Milton William Cooper, Executive Director of National Technical College, residing at 1311 S. Highland Ave. Apt. #205, Fullerton, California 92632, hereby declare: 
	a. That my file entitled  "Operation Majority"  which I posted on CompuServe on January 14, 1989,  (posted under the pseudonym Majesty on December 12, 1988), and which I  sent to Linda Howe, truthfully and accurately describes to the best of my knowledge and memory the information that I  saw in 1972 which was contained in Grudge/Blue Book Report No. 13, Operation Majority, and in briefings which I  helped to prepare in the course of my duties on the Intelligence Briefing Team of the Commander in Chief of the Pacific Fleet while serving in the U. S. Navy as a  Petty Officer. 
	b. That I  am ready and willing to take a  lie detector test which is arranged by any reputable person and which is conducted by a  qualified, neutral person who is not now and has never been employed by or connected with the Government in any capacity. 
	c. That I  am ready and willing to take any other test which is arranged by any reputable person and otherwise conforms to the stipulations in paragraph (b)  above. 
2. I  declare, under penalty of perjury, that the foregoing statements are true. The above-identified person, Milton -William Cooper, appeared before me on this 10 day of Feb           , 1981 to affirm his declaration and to affix his signature thereby to my witness
NOTARIZATION MY COMMISION EXPIRES:. / SEAL Nov 5 1990 SIGNED DATE OF SIGNATURE, Feb 10, 1989DATE OF SIGNATURE FEB 10 1989 A NOTARY/PUBLIC IN THE COUNTY/CITY OF ORANGE 304 



On January 10, 1989, Bill Cooper issued this revised  “Final Release”  of his information about the briefing papers he saw in 1972, which I  have partially edited with Bill’s approval. Bill explained the corrections and revisions came  “after I  had tested the reactions of people, especially the government, to the wrong names in the first version.  ‘Majority’  is the correct name, not  ‘Majesty.’  I remember how my friend Bob Swan*  and I  looked up  ‘majority’  in the dictionary because we didn’t know what it meant. The dictionary said  ‘to reach the age of maturity.’”  Below is Bill Cooper’s final statement. 

*  Robert Swan is Bill Cooper’s long time friend and was at Bill’s wedding in June 1972. Mr. Swan confirmed for me that Bill was upset his wedding night about information he had recently seen in Naval intelligence briefing reports concerning extraterrestrial intrusions on this planet. Mr. Swan told me he remembered that Bill Cooper showed him notes about an alien base on the back side of the moon and astronaut sightings of alien craft. See letter on page 313. 
Computer Statement by Bill Cooper, January 10, 1989
 

OPERATION MAJORITY 
FINAL RELEASE 
THERE WILL BE NO CORRECTIONS TO THIS FILE 
©  Copyright 1989 by Milton William Cooper 
All rights reserved. 
You have my permission to quote from this information in press releases periodicals and speeches. Inclusion in any other media requires my express written permission. 
This file contains the absolute true information regarding the alien presence on earth and the U.S. Government's involvement with the aliens. This file contains only the information as I  saw it and only my information. It does not contain any information from any other source.
It was necessary for me to issue the information previous to this release in a  manner which would deceive the government until someone was able to independently confirm my identi ty, my employment, my service record, my intelligence background, the identity of the person to which I  gave the information to in 1972  (Bob Swan);  his acknowledgment of the information and when it was given to him;  that the information is correct;  that I  have not seen him since 1974, and that I  have not communicated with him in any form since 1976. This was necessary because this file is my death warrant if MJ-12 continue to operate in a  manner consistent with its history. 
The original information that I  first released (December 18, 1988)  was not much different than what you will find here. Only some names were different and just enough  (I hoped)  to convince MJ-12 and MAJI that I  was not a  threat long enough to have independent verification of the facts before I  risked death. I  wish to make it absolutely clear that I  do not consider myself a  hero. I believe that most of you would do the same thing if you knew the truth. I  gave an oath that I  would uphold and protect the Constitution of the United States of America and I  take that oath very seriously. I  am doing no more now than I  did when I  fought in Vietnam. I  am doing my duty. 
Please make copies of this file and send it to your Congressman, your Senator, the Attorney General of the United States, and to the Supreme Court. Send it also to everyone you know.  ... 
I, Milton William Cooper,  ... do solemnly swear that the information contained in this file is true and correct to the best of my knowledge. I  swear that I  saw this information in 1972 in the performance of my duties as a member of the Intelligence Briefing Team of the Commander In Chief of the Pacific Fleet as a  petty officer in the U.S. Navy. I  swear that I  underwent hypnotic regression in order to make the information as accurate as possible. I  swear that I  can and will take a  lie detector test or any other test of any reputable person's choosing in order to confirm this information. 
The following is a  brief listing of everything that I  personally saw and know from 1972 and does not contain any input from any other source whatsoever. 
MAJESTY was listed as the code word for the President of the United States for communications concerning this information. 
OPERATION MAJORITY is the name of the operation responsible for every aspect, project, and consequence of alien presence on earth. 
GRUDGE contains 16 volumes of documented information collected from the beginning of the United States investigation of Unidentified Flying Objects  (UFOs)  and Identified Alien Craft  (IAC). The project was funded by CIA confidential funds  (non-appropriated)  and money from the illicit drug trade. The purpose of Project GRUDGE was to collect all scientific, technological, medical and intelligence information from UFO/IAC sightings and contacts with alien life forms. This orderly file of collected information has been used to advance the United States space program. 
MJ-12 is the name of the secret control group. President Eisenhower commissioned a  secret society known as THE JASON SOCIETY  (Jason Scholars)...to sift through all the facts, evidence, technology, lies and deception and find the truth of the alien question. The society was made up of 32 of the most prominent men in the country in 1972 and the top twelve members were designated MJ-12. MJ-12 has total control of everything. They are designated by the codes J-l, J-2, J-3, etc. all the way through the members of the Jason Society. The director of the CIA was appointed J-l and is the Director of MJ-12. MJ-12 is responsible only to the President.  ...A secret meeting place was constructed for MJ-12 in Maryland and it was described as only accessible by air. It contains full living, recreational and other facilities for MJ-12. It is code named  “The Country Club.”  ... Only those with TOP SECRET/MAJIC clearance are allowed to go there. 
MAJI is the Majority Agency for Joint Intelligence. All information, misinformation, and intelligence is gathered and evaluated by this agency. This agency is responsible for all misinformation and operates in conjunction with the CIA, NSA, and the Defense Intelligence Agency. This is a  very powerful organization and all alien projects are under its control. MAJI is responsible only to MJ-12. 
SIGMA is the project which first established communications with the aliens and is still responsible for communications. 
PLATO is the project responsible for diplomatic relations with the aliens. This project secured a  formal, secret treaty  (illegal under the Constitution)  with the aliens. The terms were that the aliens would give us technology. In return we agreed to keep their presence on earth a  secret, not to interfere in any way with their actions, and to allow them to abduct humans and animals. The aliens agreed to furnish MJ-12 with a  list of abductees on a  periodic basis. 
MAJIC is the security classification and clearance of all alien connected material, projects and information. MAJIC means MAJI-Controlled. 
AQUARIUS is a  project which compiled the history of alien presence and their interaction with Homo sapiens upon this planet for the last 25,000 years. 
GARNET is the project responsible for control of all and documents regarding genetic manipulation and accountability of the information and documents. 
PLUTO is a  project to evaluate all UFO/IAC information pertaining to space technology. 
POUNCE is the project formed to recover all downed/ crashed craft and aliens. 
REDLIGHT is the project to test fly recovered alien craft. It is conducted at Area 51  (Dreamland)  in Nevada. It was aided when the aliens gave us craft and helped us fly them. The initial project was somewhat successful in that we flew a  recovered craft, but it blew up in the air and the pilots were killed. The project was suspended at that time until the aliens agreed to help us. 
SNOWBIRD was established as a  cover for Project REDLIGHT. Several flying saucer type craft were built using conventional technology. They were unveiled to the press and flown in front of the press. The purpose was to explain accidental sightings or disclosure of REDLIGHT as having been the SNOWBIRD craft. 
LUNA is the alien base on the far side of the moon. It was seen and filmed by the Apollo astronauts. A  base, a  mining operation using very large machines, and the very large alien craft described in sighting reports as MOTHER SHIPS exist there. 
NRO is the National Reconnaissance Organization based at Fort Carson Colorado. It is responsible for security for all alien or alien craft connected projects. 
DELTA is the designation for the specific arm of the NRO which is especially trained and tasked with security of these projects. JOSHUA is a  project to develop a  low frequency pulsed sound generating weapon. It was said that this weapon would be effective against the alien craft and beam weapons. 
EXCALIBUR is a  weapon to destroy the alien underground bases. It is to be a  missile capable of penetrating 1000 meters of Tufa/hard packed soil such as that found in New Mexico with no operational damage. Missile apogee not to exceed 30,000 feet AGL and impact must not deviate in excess of 50 meters from designated target. The device will carry a  one megaton nuclear warhead. 
ALIENS:  There were four types of aliens mentioned in the papers. A  large nosed grey with whom we have the treaty;  the grey reported in the abductee cases that work for the large nosed greys;  a blond human-like type described as the Nordic and a  red haired human-like type called the Orange. The homes of the aliens were described as being a  star in the Constellation of Orion;  Barnard’s Star  (Howe:  6 light-years from Earth), and Zeta Riticuli 1  &  2. I  cannot remember even under hypnosis which alien belongs to which star. 
EBE is the name or designation given to the live alien captured at the 1949 Roswell crash. He died in captivity  (Howe:  June 18, 1952, of unknown causes). 
KRLL OR KRLLL OR CRLL OR CRLLL pronounced Crill of Krill was the hostage left with us at the first Holloman landing as a  pledge that the aliens would carry out their part of the basic agreement reached during that meeting. Krill gave us the foundation of the Yellow Book which was completed by the guests at a  later date. Krll became sick and was nursed by Dr. G. Mendoza who became the expert on alien biology and medicine. Krll later died. 
GUESTS were aliens exchanged for humans who gave us the balance of the Yellow Book. At the time I  saw the information, there were only three left alive. They were called  (ALFs)  Alien Life Forms. 
RELIGION:  The aliens claim to have created Homo sapiens through hybridization. The papers said that RH-negative blood was proof of this. They further claimed to have created all of our major religions... 
ALIEN BASES exist in the four corners area of Utah, Colorado, New Mexico and Nevada. Six bases were described in the 1972 papers, all on Indian reservations and all in the four corners area. The base near Dulce was one of them.  (Howe:  Also alleged Four Corners at Area 51.) 
MURDER:  The documents stated that many military and government personnel had been terminated  (murdered without due process of law)  when they had attempted to reveal the secret. 
CRAFT RECOVERIES:  The documents stated that many craft had been recovered. The early ones from Roswell, Aztec, Roswell again, Texas, Mexico and other places. 
GENERAL DOOLITTLE* [HOWE:  Lieutenant General James Doolittle, U.S. Army Air Force intelligence expert, assigned by President Harry S. Truman to investigate the thousands of reports of  “ghost rockets”  in 1946 over Finland, Norway, Sweden, Denmark, and later Portugal, Tangier, Italy, Greece and India.] made a  prediction that one day we would have to reckon with the aliens and the document stated that it appeared that General Doolittle was correct. 
ABDUCTIONS were occurring long before 1972. The document stated that humans and animals were being abducted and/or mutilated. Many vanished without a  trace. They were taking sperm and ova samples, tissue, performed surgical operations, implanted a  spherical device forty to eighty microns in size near the optic nerve in the brain and all attempts to remove it resulted in the death of the patient. The document estimated that one in every forty people had been implanted. This implant was said to give the aliens total control of that human. 
CONTINGENCY PLAN SHOULD THE INFORMATION BECOME PUBLIC OR SHOULD THE ALIENS ATTEMPT TAKEOVER:  This plan called for a  public announcement that a  terrorist group had entered the United States with an atomic weapon. It would be announced that the terrorists planned to detonate the weapon in a  major city. Martial law would be declared and all persons with implants would be rounded up along with all dissidents and would be placed into concentration camps. The press, radio and TV would be nationalized and controlled. Anyone attempting to resist would be arrested or killed. 
CONTINGENCY PLAN TO CONTAIN OR DELAY RELEASE OF INFORMATION:  This plan called for the use of MAJESTIC TWELVE as a  misinformation ploy to delay and confuse the release of information should anyone get close to the truth. It was selected because of the similarity of spelling and the similarity to MJ-12. It was designed to confuse memory and to result in a  fruitless search for material which did not exist. 
HISTORY will be the judge of me and this information and I  have no fear of that judgement. I  swear that this information is true and correct to the best of my knowledge. 
It should be obvious by now that something sinister and terribly wrong is going on involving the government and the UFO phenomenon. We must all band together and expose it now. I  have done my part in the best manner that I  could. I  can add nothing else except my testimony in Congress or a  court of law that what I  saw and have written in this file is true and that I  saw it. 
Everything in my previous file that does not conflict with this file is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and some of it is from sources and research. You may combine the files to get the entire picture. Throw out only that information which conflicts with that contained in this file. 
There will be no further additions or corrections this information either now or in the future. My file is complete and stands to be judged by history. Sometime in the future the exact papers that I  saw will surface and you will all see this exact information contained within them. 
Milton William Cooper 
1/10/89 



April 5, 1989 
Linda Howe 
P.O. Box 3130 
Littelton, Colorado 
80161-3130 
Dear Linda: 
A few months ago you called me regarding an old friend of mine, William  (Bill)  Cooper. You asked me to confirm seeing and receiving documents from Bill Cooper on the night of his wedding i  n 1972. Bill and I  were close friends. We discussed numerous subjects. However, when I  would push in an area of a classified nature, he simply said that he could not discuss it. Throughout our friendship, I  was involved in commercial as well as a  sportdiving operations based out of Honolulu ( Skin Diving Hawaii). The work which we were involved in required team work and trust. Often the topic of UFO's would be discussed. I  learned through Bill that every space flight was accompanied by UFO's. As I  have said, Bill and I were good friends. I  was best man at his wedding. On the eve of his wedding, there was no party. Here is what I  remember of that evening. Bill wanted to discuss some thing which was troubling him. I was there to listen. Through the course of our conversation, Bill produced some documents which contained what I  believed to be classified information. It was about an alien base on the back side of the moon, as well as other information of a  tender nature that Bill was involved in at CINCPACFLT in Naval Intelligence. I  believed at the time and still do that this information was true. We decided that I  should keep copies of this information in case anything happen to Bill. Unfortunately all I  can remember is Space shots and the bases on the Moon. Whether this is due to the information being so unbelievable or so disturbing, I  cannot say. Discussions of the assassination of JFK came up but I  cannot remember where they led. I  have given that evening a  great deal of thought since you called, and have tried to piece together that evening. This is all I  can come up with. The information which I  was to hang onto has since disappeared. I  wish I  could be more help to you and Bill, but I  do not have the documents and cannot positively confirm anything other than what I  have told you. If you talk to Bill, please express my feelings of frustration in trying to recreate one evening 17 years ago. 
Cordially Robert J. Swan 
PLANS  •  DESIGN  •  CONSTRUCTION MANAGEMENT 




Appendix 12


Complete Transcript of the March 13, 1980,
Hypnosis Session with Judy Doraty
for A Strange Harvest



TRANSCRIPT:	March 13, 1980, hypnosis session with Judy Doraty and
Dr. Leo Sprinkle, who was then Director of the Division
of Counseling and Testing at the University of Wyoming,
Laramie, Wyoming.
Purpose: To explore Judy’s May 1973 UFO experience
with her teenage daughter Cindy and family near Houston,
Texas, through hypnosis.
SPRINKLE:	OK, Judy, as you maintain this deep concentration, this
deep relaxation, you can feel yourself even going deeper
yet. And as you go deeper and deeper, feeling comfortable
and relaxed, allow yourself to go back in time, going back
and back, back in this time of March 1980 to the year
1973, to that particular night in which you and your family
members had a sighting that was an unusual event. You’ll
be able to go back in time, you’ll be able to talk and describe 
your impressions.
Now, let yourself drift back, going back from 1980 to 1979
to 1978, ‘77, ‘76, ’75, getting closer and closer to that
particular time, that particular place. In ‘75 to ‘74 and now
’73. You can talk now and you can describe what you see,
what you hear and what you feel. All right, go right ahead,
you can describe what’s happening around you.
DORATY:	We were driving back from Houston. We’d been at bingo. And my
mother and I were in the front seat and my sister-in-law and my
brother-in-law and my daughter were in the back seat. And my
mother spotted a light in the sky and she pointed it out to me. And my
brother-in-law said he thought it was a helicopter. It was like a large
spotlight, like they were looking for something. But it wasn’t moving, it
was stationary in the sky and it was to my left.
But as I drove, either I passed it or it passed me because it was to the
rear and on my left. I had to turn to see it. And we had gone quite a
few miles and it was still there. I questioned my mother if she, what
she thought it was. And my brother-in-law stated he thought it was a
helicopter that probably was going to the Galveston Airport.
I... for some reason ... didn’t think it was a helicopter and I kept
turning and looking at it and it would never change in size, it stayed
the same. I pulled over to the side of the road. I thought if it’s a
helicopter I would be able to hear it. So, I rolled my window down in
the car and I couldn’t hear anything. And I stepped outside of the car
and I could see like it had fiber or it had substance. It was a light, but
it had substance to it. And I got back into the car and we drove on to
Altaloma and itfollowed us.
It stayed the same no matter if I would go faster or if I would go
slower. It would stay the same distance from the car. And when we
went to pull in the driveway, it was still in the same position, in
back of the car. As we pulled in the driveway, everybody in the house
came outside. My nephew came to me and questioned me about what
the light was. And I told him I didn’t know. Then it started coming
toward us and as it came toward us it came lower, I guess, because it
looked like it was getting larger.
And as it passed over, we could see underneath that it had no wings
and that it was almost looking down at us. And I could see inside
the craft. It had rows of seats and unusual windows. It had deep set
windows and it went on passed us. As it went though, I don’t know,
it made us all feel funny. My mother felt the same thing I did. It was
like it made my hair stand on end. It gave me an unusual feeling and
everything became real quiet.
And then it turned like it was straightening up, but it was going very,
very slow. And as it passed us, it was treetop level. And as it passed
us, it angled like it was going to land, like it was going lower in the
sky. But all the kids took off running into the pasture and the only
thing I could think was I was afraid they were going to get snakebit.
And I yelled at them to come back, but they gotfairly close to it. And
then it just straightened up, from the angle it was on to just straight
and then it just shot straight up into the sky and sat right up next to
the moon like a star.
And it went from very, very big to very, very little in a matter of seconds.
And everybody just seemed really amazed, and we talked about it. And
we kept coming back out and looking up at the sky and it would still be
there like it, almost like it was looking at us looking at them.
SPRINKLE:	OK, you’re doing well. Now let’s see if we can go more deeply.
(Sprinkle does more relaxation with Judy and begins again
with her standing outside her car.)
DORATY:	It’s like a spotlight shining down on the back of my car. And it’s like
it has substance to it. I can see an animal being taken up in this. I can
see it squirming and trying to get free. And it’s like it’s being sucked
up. I can’t tell what the animal is. It a small animal.
SPRINKLE:	A small animal?
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	OK, what happens next?
DORATY:	(Sighs.) I can see the animal being cut up.
SPRINKLE:	You see the animal being cut up?
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	How is it being cut up?
DORATY:	Dissected.
SPRINKLE:	With knives?
DORATY:	Instruments of some kind.
SPRINKLE:	Can you describe the instruments?
DORATY:	They’re like a knife, but they have different kind of handles. More like a razor It doesn’t have movable parts, but like a straight razor
type. And there’s long tubes that take samples. And I can see the stuff
running through the tubes, but I don’t know where it goes.
SPRINKLE:	Are the samples from the body of the animal?
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	The animal is dead. And you can see samples moving up
from the body through the tubes?
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	But you don’t know where the tubes lead to?
DORATY:	No.
SPRINKLE:	OK, what else is happening?
DORATY:	There’s basins. They look like basins, but I don’t know what they
are. They’re scooped out, like scooped out areas. I don’t know if it’s a
drain. It’s not a drain because there’s no hole. But they’re some sort of
basins. I don’t know what they are.
SPRINKLE:	Are these basins near the body?
DORATY:	Yes. There’s several of the basins ... it’s like scooped out
areas. I don’t know if it’s a basin. It’s just the only thing I
know that it looks like.
SPRINKLE:	How many scooped out areas can you see?
DORATY:	A whole line of them. Probably five or six.
SPRINKLE:	Anything in the scooped out areas?
DORATY:	No. They’re very immaculate and very clean. But there’s blood ... like
tubes that’s got blood... that’s going somewhere and other substances.
It looks like something else. I don’t know what it is. It’s leading in
different directions. And there’s, for each basin, there’s these little tubes
that lead different places.
SPRINKLE:	Are the basins around the body or along side the body?
DORATY:	There’s a flat area between each basin and there’s pieces of each thing
by each basin.
SPRINKLE:	Pieces of instruments or pieces of body?
DORATY:	Different parts...
SPRINKLE:	Different parts of the body?
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	And how do the parts of the body get there?
DORATY:	I don’t know. I just see them there.
SPRINKLE:	You just see the parts of the body there. And you see the
tubes. But you don’t see where the tubes are connected?
DORATY:	No.
SPRINKLE:	Just describe the body as it lies there. What features can you
see?
DORATY:	I just see like tissue, like a tongue. And like the insides. And it’s like
it’s been sliced... and dissected.
SPRINKLE:	OK, what else can you see?
DORATY:	Eyes. Testicles.
SPRINKLE:	Are the eyes and testicles in the same basin?
DORATY:	No.
SPRINKLE:	Different basins?
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	What do you see in the other basins?
DORATY:	I don’t know what it is, it’s just tissue.
SPRINKLE:	Now, if you’ll just hold that image right there and look
carefully at the basins. You can stop it just like a photograph. 
Now, you’ll be able to carefully look, and if you like,
just start from wherever it’s comfortable to start from, start
from the left and see what’s in the first basin and then just
go from one basin to the next and see what you see?
DORATY:	There’s tissue. It’s laid out nice and smooth. It glistens. And there’s
needles in it, or what appears to be like needles. It may be probes.
I don’t know. But it has a tube connected to it. And the same thing
with what appears to be testicles. I can’t tell. It’s a probe or needle or
something inserted and the tube leading... the same with the eye. And
the tongue. The tongue is cut, but it’s not cut lengthwise, but this way,
up and down.
(She motions with her hand on the arm of the chair, slicing
in the air up and down.)
SPRINKLE:	Up and down?
DORATY:	(Long pause.) I don’t know where the tubes go.
SPRINKLE:	OK, can you see anything else in the basins?
DORATY:	I don’t know if they’re basins. I can’t tell what they are. It’s just like
a scooped out area.
SPRINKLE:	Kind of a hollow area?
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	OK, do you see anything else in those areas?
DORATY:	No.
SPRINKLE:	OK, hold on to that image now and just let yourself relax.
Let yourself be aware of how this is being done. How are
these actions being done?
DORATY:	(Long pause.) I don’t know.
SPRINKLE:	How are the needles being inserted in the tissues?
DORATY:	It was already there.
SPRINKLE:	It was already there. The tubes were already there?
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	So you have an image of these things happening, but they
were already happening before you can see these basins or
hollowed out areas?
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	OK, just relax now and picture yourself looking around.
How did you get here? Where are you? Become aware of
how you got here, become aware of the area around you.
You can talk and describe the area.
DORATY:	It’s in the rear of... I don’t know. It’s in the back part, I know that.
There’s two sections. And there’s like, in the center of the floor there’s
like something that comes up out of the floor and it’s not... it’s built
in, connecting. It’s molded like, and it looks like a table. But it is wide based at the bottom.
SPRINKLE:	Looking around now, seeing the area where you are, seeing
the body of the animal, seeing the hollowed out areas, seeing 
the needles and tubes and tissue. Now look around and
see what else you see? You can talk and describe.
DORATY:	In the middle of the floor, I see these like tables that are built-in and
one is larger than the others. I think there’s two more. And they look
like they’re made of marble. They’re smooth and they’re just flat. And
then up farther you can see the seats that go, there’s a row of seats on
both sides. They have the large swivel chairs, the chairs that turn. I
can’t see anything else.
SPRINKLE:	OK, fine, doing well. Now describe the chairs, how they
look. The tables how they look. What does the room look
like?
DORATY:	It like it’s sectioned. There are three sections. It’s like the back section
is a working section. The middle section is like - I don’t know what
that is, where the tables are. And the first section is like an observation
room. It’s like a floating laboratory, a craft with all the setups so they
can observe. I don’t know what’s in front. I can’t see in front.
SPRINKLE:	OK, let yourself be aware. You can just move there in your
mind’s eye. Just move to the front and see what you see there.
DORATY:	There’s windows. But I don’t see anything in there. It’s like a little,
tiny, empty cubbyhole.
SPRINKLE:	Look at the windows. Be aware of the windows. How do
they look?
DORATY:	They’re reversed. The windows are set in, but... what is it? It’s like
they have a band around them. There’s a ... they are set different.
They are deep set.
SPRINKLE:	Deep set windows?
DORATY:	Deep set windows.
SPRINKLE:	And a band around the windows?
DORATY:	Like a, I don’t know if it’s a band... it just appears to be a band. It
looks like it’s all one, but it’s a darker color. It makes them look even
more deep set. But it’s the color that makes them look so odd.
SPRINKLE:	Can you describe the color?
DORATY:	It’s like a real dark grey. But the craft is not as dark as that dark. It’s
a lighter grey.
SPRINKLE:	Are you talking about the inside of the craft or the outside
of the craft?
DORATY:	I’m talking about outside the windows. I’m looking in it from the
outside.
SPRINKLE:	You’re looking at it from the outside? OK, you can see all
of this as you look inside the windows?
DORATY:	Inside. I can view it inside or outside. I can go inside and look out. I
can look inside from the outside.
SPRINKLE:	OK, just let yourself go inside and view it from the inside.
What do you see inside?
DORATY:	There’s a magnification through the windows. When you look through
the windows, it looks bigger. Things look bigger.
SPRINKLE:	And inside things look smaller?
DORATY:	I don’t know. But when you look out the windows, it’s like they’re
magnified. It’s almost like telescopes. They’re thick.
SPRINKLE:	Like the window panes are thick?
DORATY:	Right.
SPRINKLE:	So it gives it a telescopic characteristic?
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	OK, in your mind’s eye now, just go around the craft and
see how many sections there are.
DORATY:	Three sections.
SPRINKLE:	Three sections. And one seems to be an observation area?
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	And one seems to be a ...?
DORATY:	I don’t know what it’s used for. I can’t see any purpose for it. It’s just
... it’s like plastic or metal. It’s like it’s made in the craft. It’s molded
to the floor and it just comes up. It’s like a long table, but there’s two
other little ones beside it. It’s like a ... I don’t want to say podium. I
can’t think of anything to describe it.
It’s got a wide base and then a neck and then it’s flat on top.
SPRINKLE:	Like a table or bed?
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	About what size?
DORATY:	There’s one large one.
SPRINKLE:	How long and about how wide?
DORATY:	Maybe six feet long? But the others are small.
SPRINKLE:	How wide is the one that’s six feet long?
DORATY:	Two feet.
SPRINKLE:	And the others are smaller?
DORATY:	Yes. Three feet long maybe.
SPRINKLE:	How many chairs are there?
DORATY:	That’s in the other room.
SPRINKLE:	Oh, that’s in the other room. OK. So in this one room,
there is a long table or flat area and then two smaller ones?
DORATY:	Right.
SPRINKLE:	Anything else in this section?
DORATY:	No, I can’t see anything. It looks kind of vacant.
SPRINKLE:	About how large is the section?
DORATY:	Not very large.
SPRINKLE:	About how many feet wide?
DORATY:	A small room. I don’t know. It’s just small.
SPRINKLE:	A small room. How about the ceiling?
DORATY:	It’s not real high. But I could stand up and be comfortable.
(Judy is about 5' 3".)
SPRINKLE:	So the ceiling is taller than you are?
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	Is it six feet, seven feet, eight feet tall?
DORATY:	Probably six or seven feet.
SPRINKLE:	And about that size long?
DORATY:	Yes, its a comfortable size. You could walk around in it. But it’s not a
great big room.
SPRINKLE:	So it would be less than twenty feet long?
DORATY:	Probably, I don’t know.
SPRINKLE:	And about that wide?
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	And it seems like a square?
DORATY:	No. It is not square. It’s kind of rounded and it’s just all together. No
windows or anything in that room.
SPRINKLE:	Are the walls up and down or are they curved?
DORATY:	Just where they meet the ceiling. There’s no seams or nothing.
Everything in that room seems to be made all built-in, everything
altogether. It all runs together.
SPRINKLE:	Do you see any light fixtures?
DORATY:	No.
SPRINKLE:	But there is light in the room?
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	How does the light appear?
DORATY:	I don’t know. It’s just there.
SPRINKLE:	How about the air? Is it heavy, light, cool, warm?
DORATY:	Comfortable.
SPRINKLE:	Any noises?
DORATY:	No.
SPRINKLE:	Any fixtures or decorations?
DORATY:	No.
SPRINKLE:	OK, anything else about this section?
DORATY:	No.
SPRINKLE:	OK, move on to the other section. What do you see in the
next section?
DORATY:	We’re back to the scooped out... like basins. It’s longer than the other
room and narrower. It seems like a work area.
SPRINKLE:	And you see chairs, you said?
DORATY:	No.
SPRINKLE:	You don’t see chairs. What do you see here?
DORATY:	It’s like a row of basins. And this is where I see tissue samples. It
seems like ...a processing area.
SPRINKLE:	A processing area. OK, look carefully at the walls and ceiling. 
Do you see decorations? Do you see fixtures?
DORATY:	I see something, but I don’t know how to describe it. It’s like where the room adjoins the next room, there’s a metal, or it appears to be
metal. It’s like a prong that sticks out. It like a holder of some kind.
And there’s a camera. I don’t know if it’s a camera. But it looks like a
camera.
SPRINKLE:	It looks like a camera because it has a lens? Or ... ?
DORATY:	It has an extension.
SPRINKLE:	It has an extension?
DORATY:	Like a camera would have.
SPRINKLE:	OK, Judy, now as you maintain this deep concentration,
this deep relaxation, let yourself be aware as you’re in this
room, this laboratory room. You can look closely at the
body of the animal and be able to describe the features of
the body of the animal. Describe the events that led to the
experience. What kind of animal are you looking at?
DORATY:	A baby calf.
SPRINKLE:	It’s a baby calf? What color?
DORATY:	It’s spotted. Brown. Like a brown and white... more brown than white.
SPRINKLE:	OK, any other distinguishing features?
DORATY:	No.
SPRINKLE:	OK, later on we can come back and find out more about
what is happening to the body of the animal. But now let
yourself go back in time. Let yourself go back outside. See
yourself there, looking at the craft. See yourself describing
as you look at the craft. Describe what is happening as the
animal is floating up toward the craft. Go back in time to
that event. Describe what happens first. What do you see
happening now?
DORATY:	I pull off to the side of the road. I notice a substance and I walk to the
back of the car.
SPRINKLE:	What substance do you notice?
DORATY:	I notice that it’s not just a light. But the light has substance to it.
Before, we thought it was just a light. But it had substance. It was
like you could put your hand in and feel it.
SPRINKLE:	This is the light in the sky you’re talking about? That you’re
describing?
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	And you see this substance?
DORATY:	The only way I can describe it is like dust particles, like if you see
through the sunlight. It looked something like that. But it was thicker
and there was motion to it.
SPRINKLE:	Kind of like a swirling motion? Or a ... ?
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	What happens now?
DORATY:	When I noticed the animal it was pretty near the top of the craft. And
it looked smaller than what it really was. It was a calf, but it looked
tinier from where I was.
SPRINKLE:	From where you were standing?
DORATY:	And I feel like I'm not supposed to talk about it really because it was
like a warning went off when I observed this.
SPRINKLE:	A feeling that some how you’re not supposed to talk about it?
DORATY:	Right. I’m not supposed to. I shouldn’t have observed it.
SPRINKLE:	Like you’re watching something that’s ...
DORATY:	I was told mentally that it was an accident. I should not have seen
this.
SPRINKLE:	Is anybody else watching with you.
DORATY:	No.
SPRINKLE:	Is anybody else around you?
DORATY:	I feel the presence of other things, but I don’t know what they are. I can’t see them.
SPRINKLE:	You feel you’re standing by the side of the road, by your car
now? Or are you standing some place else now?
DORATY:	I feel I'm in two places at once.
SPRINKLE:	OK, describe how you feel.
DORATY:	I feel like I was able to see what was going on in the craft, but I was
also standing beside the road.
SPRINKLE:	OK, just let yourself focus on what’s happening inside the
craft. Be aware of who is around you. It’s OK. And describe 
who is standing around you.
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	Are there common phrases that you hear?
DORATY:	No. I mean they talk sometimes. They said to me that I wasn’t supposed 
to be there, but in ... how did I say, how did they say ... just by
the tone that I was not supposed to be there. It was not those words,
but I knew when they said what they said that I was not supposed to
be there.
SPRINKLE:	OK, now just picture yourself standing there. You are
inside now and there are two of them? Is that right? Or are
there more?
DORATY:	I only see two.
SPRINKLE:	See two. You’re standing there and they’re saying to you
that somehow you know you’re not supposed to be there.
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	It’s an accident that you’re there? Or on purpose?
DORATY:	Yes. It’s unfortunate for me.
SPRINKLE:	Unfortunate. OK, what do you see now that you are there?
What do you see?
DORATY:	I don’t... it’s just a laboratory where they conduct tests.
SPRINKLE:	Do they say why they are conducting tests?
DORATY:	They told me it wasn’t time to know. That someday I would know.
SPRINKLE:	Some day you would know? But right now they are conducting 
tests?
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	And do they say what kind of tests are being conducted?
DORATY:	(Sighs.) That I believe from the way they talked, they‘re concerned
about man for themselves. That men are going to kill themselves
through polluting the Earth area. Something, I don‘t know. I can‘t...
it‘s going to get in the water. It going to be in vegetation. Going to be, it
is in vegetation.
SPRINKLE:	Do they say what it is that’s polluting the environment?
DORATY:	(Pause.) They said I wouldn’t understand, but it’s got “E and S” in
it. And it’s a number. Plutonium, or something?
SPRINKLE:	Plutonium? Let yourself be aware. Just be aware of what
you hear.
DORATY:	Uh ... they’ve been here for quite some time.
SPRINKLE:	Do they say how long?
DORATY:	Longer than I have. Their concern is loss of life. There is going to be
a big loss of life due to this.
SPRINKLE:	Do they say how they know there will be a loss of life?
DORATY:	Because it’s already passed a certain state. That... it can be reversed,
but there will be a loss of life because it already has filtered down to
a certain point to where there is going to be so much pollution and so
much of this poison in the water that people are going to die from it.
And it has to do with somehow nuclear waste or testing or... causing a
change in the chemical composition of something.
SPRINKLE:	OK, just be aware. Be aware of what is being said.
DORATY:	But I don’t understand what that means. I don’t understand ... trying to understand, but I don’t.
SPRINKLE:	OK, let yourself relax deeply now and just picture yourself
back outside again as you are standing there beside the
car and you’re seeing the craft. Picture yourself once more
going through the experience, seeing the craft, seeing how
large it is, seeing what color it is, seeing what’s filtering
down, seeing the calf floating up. Just describe once more
your experience of seeing the craft. Describe what you see
when you look at the craft.
DORATY:	I see a light. It has substance. Particles. And as I move closer, I can
see it moving, moving, swirling. An animal is near the top, squirming.
Almost like being... sucked in.
SPRINKLE:	Any ropes or chains?
DORATY:	No. Nothing. Nothing.
SPRINKLE:	And it’s being pulled?
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	Into the object?
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	Do you see an opening?
DORATY:	No, I don’t.
SPRINKLE:	Do you see how it gets in there?
DORATY:	No, I don’t.
SPRINKLE:	And what kind of colors do you see as you’re looking at the
craft?
DORATY:	The light and the calf.
SPRINKLE:	Is the light a bright light? A dull light?
DORATY:	No. It’s a pale yellow. It’s like a searchlight, but it wasn’t bright. It
wasn’t like a light. It was different. It was a soft yellow light.
SPRINKLE:	And can you see the shape of the craft? Can you describe
the shape?
DORATY:	No, because from where I was standing all you could see was the light.
You could not tell what it was. I could not tell.
SPRINKLE:	Notice anybody else around you seeing the same thing?
DORATY:	No.
SPRINKLE:	Anything said by the family?
DORATY:	No.
SPRINKLE:	OK, Judy, maintain this deep concentration, this deep
relaxation. Let yourself go back in time, go back to the
experience, feeling yourself there with the two beings, the
two little men, seeing yourself in communication with the
two beings, the kind of comments, the kinds of impressions,
the kind of information that is being given to you. How do
they communicate with you?
DORATY:	Mentally.
SPRINKLE:	They’re communicating mentally. OK. Do you ask questions 
of them?
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	And they respond?
DORATY:	When they feel a need to respond, they will. Otherwise, they ignore me,
or just make me feel very stupid for asking questions. It’s almost as if
they don’t... they don’t think I should even be asking questions, that I
wouldn’t understand even if they told me the answers.
SPRINKLE:	They treat you as if you are a child?
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	Or someone who is not as intelligent as they are?
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	But it’s OK for you to be here and ask questions?
DORATY:	They answer questions like through ... not, they won’t directly answer any of my questions. They’ll be doing something and I might question and they say, they’ll point out things to me like on a screen or on a scope or something and say, ‘See what’s happening’. See what they’re doing.
SPRINKLE:	And you see yourself standing there or sitting?
DORATY:	Like I’m standing.
SPRINKLE:	And you’re aware of yourself being there?
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	But you’re also aware of yourself being by your car?
DORATY:	When I think of myself at the car, I’m there.
SPRINKLE:	But when you think of yourself inside, then you’re inside?
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	OK, and what kind of information is being given to you
about the animal and the tests?
DORATY:	That they have been conducting tests for quite some time. And will
continue to. That whatever this is, has been passed on and filtered
down to where it is now reaching the human being. Prior, it was in the
soil, but now it’s in the vegetation and if something isn’t done, there is
going to be a great loss of life.
SPRINKLE:	And they say this because of a pollution ... or?
DORATY:	It’s a chemical, but I don’t know what it is.
SPRINKLE:	Can you see the formula? Can you hear the formula being
described to you?
DORATY:	It’s... got numbers and letters. And there’s a 6 and a 6.
SPRINKLE:	OK, just be aware. Let yourself relax deeply and just be
aware as if you are focusing on very tightly, looking in on
the formula and listening to the words and the numbers, or
seeing the words and numbers. Be aware of the formula.
You can describe the formula.
DORATY:	(Pause.) 103 Plutonium ... something?
SPRINKLE:	Good. Keep on describing. Focus in on the formula. You
can be aware.
DORATY:	An “R. ” I don’t know.
SPRINKLE:	OK, just be aware that you’ll be able to gain more information 
about the formula. Later on you can write it down as
well as draw impressions of what’s happening. OK, now
just be aware that you’re closing in tighter and tighter on
your awareness of the animal, the calf on the table. You’re
aware of what’s being done. Just describe what the men are
doing.
DORATY:	They’re working very quickly. And whatever it is, it happens very
quickly. They, it has to be done very quickly or it loses something. I
don’t know. But I see them working very quickly, moving and putting
these things into the tissues. And they have readings or something.
They, like it, flashes.
SPRINKLE:	Something is flashing when the readings are conducted?
DORATY:	It’s like flashing light and they can tell by just visualizing. It’s like a
pivot turn. They look at it very quickly and move to the next one and
they’re working very quickly.
SPRINKLE:	And where do you see the flashing lights?
DORATY:	It like in a, where the tubes are, right dose to where they go into the
whatever it is they go into.
SPRINKLE:	How does it look? Can you describe the lights?
DORATY:	It like a row of them ... down it and back, down it and back.
SPRINKLE:	Rows of lights?
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	Different colored lights or same colored lights?
DORATY:	Like an amber color.
SPRINKLE:	Are they like buttons or panels?
DORATY:	It’s on a panel-like, but it may be a whole lot of lights and it goes
from one to another, like up and down, like a scale.
SPRINKLE:	Can you see anything else, like a number or figures?
Letters?
DORATY:	No.
SPRINKLE:	Any other knobs or apertures or other features?
DORATY:	It’s like they can very quickly project something. I don’t know what it
is. It’s like a movie screen, but it’s not a movie screen. But they can
project something there if they want to see it.
SPRINKLE:	OK, now be aware of the communication which you are
receiving from the men. Do they give you information
about who they are, where they’re from, what their purpose
is? What information do they give you?
DORATY:	It’s like if we continue like we are now, it’s going to involve not only
us, but possibly other... and they’re trying to stop something that could
cause a chain reaction. And maybe involving them. I don’t know.
SPRINKLE:	Did they say what kind of chain reaction?
DORATY:	No, only that it involves... we’re not the only ones to be concerned.
SPRINKLE:	Do they say who else is involved?
DORATY:	No.
SPRINKLE:	Do they talk about their origins, where they’re from?
DORATY:	That they’re stationed here.
SPRINKLE:	Here?
DORATY:	I don’t know.
SPRINKLE:	On Earth?
DORATY:	I don’t know.
SPRINKLE:	Or Texas? Or U.S.? Any other information about their
purpose and their activities?
DORATY:	They’re testing to see how far along this whatever it is... is. It’s
going to cause a lot of problems, regardless of even if it was stopped
right now. There’s going to be a lot of people die because it’s already
contaminating the water. It’s in the water.
SPRINKLE:	So they talk about contamination, pollution?
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	They talk as if it’s some kind of poisoning?
DORATY:	Yes. It is poisoning. There’s no doubt. It is poisoning.
SPRINKLE:	And do they say what will happen if the poisoning
continues?
DORATY:	Only that there will be a big loss of life.
SPRINKLE:	A big loss of life. Talking about...
DORATY:	Greater than what there already will be.
SPRINKLE:	Vegetable, animal, human lives?
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	Do they say whether they are from this planet or from some
other place and just stationed on this planet?
DORATY:	I ask them. They respond that I wouldn’t know anyway. It seems
insignificant to them when I ask them. They just slough if off like it
doesn’t matter.
SPRINKLE:	What other questions do you ask?
DORATY:	I ask about God.
SPRINKLE:	Any response?
DORATY:	That He’s the same to them as He is to us.
SPRINKLE:	Other questions?
DORATY:	Just about... I was curious. I kept asking about the animal and they
found it insulting, I guess, by the way they responded. That to sacrifice
an animal was nothing compared to what it would bring you know,
the knowledge they could gain from it.
SPRINKLE:	OK, Judy, just picture yourself now standing there in the craft
with the occupants and talking with them, asking them questions 
about their purpose, the purpose in operating on the
calf, the reasons they’re there. Describe the impressions you
have about their responses, about the purposes of operating
on the calf, the purposes of being there conducting tests.
DORATY:	They appeared insulted that I would question even their reason for
doing this. They just made me feel a little bad, belittling me, I guess.
SPRINKLE:	As if their purpose is important?
DORATY:	Yes, more important than a single little calf.
SPRINKLE:	And they tell you that the purpose is to understand more
about this poisoning, more about this pollution?
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	Do they say what happens, what the symptoms of the
poisoning are?
DORATY:	No. But it’s in the soil, so soon it will... it will be very soon, according 
to them. It will be found through human excretions.
SPRINKLE:	I see. So they’re saying this pollution, this poisoning is
continuing right now?
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	Do they say the source of the pollution?
DORATY:	Man. I don’t know.
SPRINKLE:	What kinds of activities do humans engage in to cause this
poisoning?
DORATY:	I know one thing. They related, and they were very emphatic about it,
that the testing even though it’s in outer space has an effect on things here.
SPRINKLE:	Testing? What kind of testing?
DORATY:	I don’t know. I don’t know what they are talking about. I didn’t know
they tested in outer space. Evidently they do.
SPRINKLE:	OK, what other kind of communication is conducted, what
else do they say to you?
DORATY:	That testing under water also will have a great effect. That it will,
if it’s continued, will cause some chemical reaction when it comes in
contact with another compound. I don’t know if that’s right. Causes a
chemical change and it will cause a change in the consistency of solidity 
as we know it.
SPRINKLE:	Solidity of matter?
DORATY:	Yes. There’s a lot involved, more than just pollution.
SPRINKLE:	OK, anything else?
DORATY:	(Pause.) That they’ve been (brings hand up to face to wave it off)	...
no, nothing.
SPRINKLE:	They’ve been ... go ahead.
DORATY:	I don’t know.
SPRINKLE:	Just let yourself focus in on it. Let yourself be aware.
DORATY:	They’ve been testing they’ve been here for quite some time and they test
the soil as well as our water as well as our animal life and vegetation.
I questioned why they aren’t saying more and why they can’t stop it
if they’re so knowledgeable and they get angry. I don’t know. I don’t
understand that.
SPRINKLE:	You don’t know why they get angry?
DORATY:	I don’t know why, I don’t know why they get angry and I don’t know
why they can’t stop it, if they’re so knowledgeable.
SPRINKLE:	You asked them about that and they don’t reply or they do
reply?
DORATY:	They reply that it doesn’t provide an answer to me and they say that
I’m not knowledgeable enough yet. That I’m immature. That I haven’t
reached maturity.
SPRINKLE:	Do they say what maturity might mean?
DORATY:	No.
SPRINKLE:	Do they say why you are permitted to be there?
DORATY:	Only that I was allowed to see it because I happened to stumble on to
it. And that I would not remember. I remember them laughing that I
would not recall it anyway.
SPRINKLE:	So you feel as if you’re observing, but from a distance? You
feel your body is here observing?
DORATY:	I can’t explain it. I’m there, but I’m also here, too. By the car.
SPRINKLE:	OK, Judy, just picture yourself standing by the car. But
you’re also standing inside the room with the beings. And
you’re talking with the beings and they’re giving you information 
and you wonder why it is you’re allowed to be there
to observe what’s going on. And what is their response?
DORATY:	That it was accidental. That they have selected humans. That I was
not there for that purpose. I just happened to be there accidentally because
I stumbled upon it when I got out of the car. They just let me observe.
SPRINKLE:	So it’s as if you’re observing out of body?
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	And they go ahead with their work?
DORATY:	They’re aware of my presence, yes.
SPRINKLE:	And it’s OK for you to be there?
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	OK, anything else which is communicated to you?
DORATY:	No.
SPRINKLE:	OK, just let yourself relax deeply now. Let yourself be
aware that you’re going to be able to understand more
deeply at the subconscious level the light, stopping the car,
observing the light and the calf, being there out of the body,
being aware of what’s going on and then driving on back
home. Just let yourself be aware that quickly and easily
you’ll be able to go through the sequence of events. You’ll
be able to describe as if you’re summarizing the events.
Just see what the sequence is. You can talk and describe the
sequence of events. Go right ahead.
DORATY:	I'm driving and we stop. I pull over to the side of the road to see if
I can hear any sound. I roll the window down and I don’t hear any
sound. So I decide to get out of the car and as I get out of the car, I
listen and hear no sound. I go to the rear of the car to get closer to the
light. And I see the calf being taken up through this light near the top.
It’s already near the top.
SPRINKLE:	Near the top?
DORATY:	But they don’t... somehow they don’t take the whole calf. It’s only
taken into a chamber in the lower part of the craft. And areas are
excised from it that are needed for study. And then it’s released again.
SPRINKLE:	The calf is released?
DORATY:	Or lowered, put back to where it was originally. But there’s no ...
every part that’s significant... the skin ...
SPRINKLE:	The skin. OK, just go through and enumerate the various
parts of the body.
DORATY:	And there’s sometimes teeth, sometimes tongue. There’s eyes, there’s
ears. Tail sections. Reproductive organs. Cow udders. This is not done
in only cattle. This is done in almost every animal you can think of.
SPRINKLE:	Is this information given to you? Or shown to you?
DORATY:	Yes. It’s just mentally given to me. Just things I guess that they pass on
thinking I might be interested. They know that when I ask a question,
it is just answered.
SPRINKLE:	OK, what else is given to you?
DORATY:	They take these parts and they’re tested in some manner. I don’t know
exactly what the test is. There’s a fluid extracted and there’s fluid put
in. They look at how far down it (poison) is in the reproductive system
of animals. That’s important because of the offspring and how much
is in the offspring.
SPRINKLE:	OK, Judy, you’re seeing yourself there in the laboratory.
You’re talking with the beings and they’re giving the information
about the activities, their tests. What are the parts of the
animals used in the tests?
DORATY:	Every part at some time or another. The most important is the
reproductive system. That they keep a closer watch on because they can
tell how far down it is and if it affects the offspring and with each
offspring, they say it gets, it’s more prevalent.
SPRINKLE:	The poison is more prevalent? Or the changes?
DORATY:	Changes. There are all kinds of changes.
SPRINKLE:	And do they say whether these changes are good or bad?
DORATY:	They’re bad.
SPRINKLE:	Bad. And so the monitoring or checking is going on?
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	And will continue to go on?
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	Do they say what will happen if the poisoning gets to a
certain level?
DORATY:	There will be nothing to eat and nothing to drink and people will
starve and die.
SPRINKLE:	Do they say how this might be known to humans?
DORATY:	It will show up very soon. There is, that human beings are being
poisoned. And it will be proven. We will see it. A doctor will, it will
show up in a laboratory. And there will be like another sickness break
out and it will be related to some kind of chemical that’s in our water.
SPRINKLE:	Do they say what kind of symptoms will be observed?
DORATY:	No. Just that there will be a large number affected at one time.
SPRINKLE:	Like a large number of people being killed and we won’t
know what?
DORATY:	Yes, but then they will find out.
SPRINKLE:	Anything else that was told to you about what may happen?
DORATY:	That this would be a warning and when this happens there needs to be
a cleansing process. Whatever this is that’s going to be found, it will
be isolated and found and the doctors will isolate whatever this specific
chemical is and there will have to be a way of ridding it and not using
it any longer.
SPRINKLE:	Do they say what kind of cleansing process?
DORATY:	No, just a cleansing process.
SPRINKLE:	OK, any other information which is given to you?
DORATY:	No.
SPRINKLE:	OK, now continue the sequence of events, seeing yourself
moving on beyond the laboratory. What happens next?
DORATY:	It seems like the calf was dropped. As the craft moves, I feel I’m being
pulled back to the car.
SPRINKLE:	OK, see yourself back at the car. What happens now?
DORATY:	I get back in the car and we continue on. No one in the car was aware
of my being gone. Only for a short while. They didn’t question me. I
did feel a little sick to my stomach.
SPRINKLE:	You feel sick to your stomach?
DORATY:	I did at that point. But I felt that if I got to where I was going I
could take something and I’d feel better, so I just started driving. And
we had to turn off to the highway and as we turned off, the light
stayed right behind us. And we continued on to another turn and it
still stayed the same distance behind until we turned into the driveway.
Then it was right across the street and everybody saw it. And it started
coming toward us. And I had a fear. I didn’t know, but I know now
that I was afraid that the light coming toward us was going to suck us
up like it did the animal. But as it got closer, it started turning. The
light was going in a different direction. It wasn’t shining on us and we
could see the underside of the craft and then it turned and I could see
inside the windows.
SPRINKLE:	And when you look inside the windows, you see?
DORATY:	I look in a different area. It was different windows than in the lab.
It was a different part. It was like an observation room. It was very
clean and immaculate. Everything was in order and it was very neat.
All the chairs were just so-so and there wasn’t anything out of order.
It was just all meticulous. Everything was just perfect. It looked like a
picture. It didn’t look real.
SPRINKLE:	OK, then what happens next?
DORATY:	And then as it’s turning, it goes on an angle like it’s going to go down
lower and in back of the house there’s a pasture. It got toward the
pasture and all the kids started running out toward it. I guess I had a
fear of that light maybe hitting them. And then it straightened up and
just shot straight up into the air. And it never did disappear. It was
just, we never lost sight of it. It went from a very, very large size to
like a large star. It set right next to the moon. And all of us saw that.
SPRINKLE:	OK, Judy, relax deeply. Concentrating, you’re standing
by the side of the road, standing by the car, seeing the
calf lifted up, floating up. You can just describe briefly the
sequence of events. What happens now?
DORATY:	It’s taken into some sort of chamber. It’s a little round, tiny room.
And I get nauseated at watching how they excise parts. It’s done very
quickly, but the calf doesn’t die immediately. For some reason, the
calf’s heart isn’t taken. I don’t know. It seems like it’s still living
and that upset me very much. (Sighs.) And then I can see the calf
being lowered, like it’s being dropped back down, and when it’s on the
ground it’s dead. I can see that it’s not moving. But I feel very sick to
my stomach at what I witnessed. (Long pause.) And then I can see
the different sections.
SPRINKLE:	OK, let yourself relax. Let yourself see the sections.
Describe what happens next.
DORATY:	They work very quickly. For some reason, it has to be done right away.
They take the probes and insert them in the different areas. It made me
nauseous, but the way they did it, it was like precision, like they were
very snappy about their movements and they knew exactly what they
were doing. I felt a little better because for some reason they projected
that it was necessary that this be done. You know, that it was for our
betterment, for the betterment of mankind that this was done. That
they were more or less watching out for us.
SPRINKLE:	So you felt better when you had that impression?
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	Not only of precision, but also a benevolent or kind attitude
toward people?
DORATY:	Right. I can’t say that they were kind.
SPRINKLE:	Concerned?
DORATY:	I can’t even say that they were concerned. They were just like doing
a job that... evidently it affects them, too. The only emotion they
had that I could find was that they put themselves above me and they
would like mimic or make me feel like they were making fun of me
when I would ask a question. They always provided an answer in
some way. They always made me feel like I was very small when I
asked it.
SPRINKLE:	Like they were telling jokes among themselves as they
talked to you?
DORATY:	Yes, that’s it.
SPRINKLE:	Like older kids playing with younger kids?
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	That was the feeling. Any other emotions you could sense
or gain impression about?
DORATY:	That I wasn’t supposed to be there, but they just allowed me to be
there. Like they were busy doing whatever they were doing and just
didn’t want to bother to take the time to make me go away.
SPRINKLE:	OK, Judy, keeping yourself relaxed and comfortable, now
be able to see yourself standing by the car by the side of
the road. Be very aware of the events that have already
occurred. And now seeing yourself, not only be aware of
yourself, but be aware of those in the car. You can talk now.
You can describe who is sitting in the car.
DORATY:	My mother is in the front seat. My brother-in-law, Jerry, is in the
back seat with his wife, Judy. And that’s all.
SPRINKLE:	That’s all. OK, where’s Cindy? Judy’s teenage daughter.)
DORATY:	I don’t know. I don’t believe she came with us.
SPRINKLE:	OK, so your mother is sitting there in the front seat. And in
the back seat?
DORATY:	Judy and Jerry.
SPRINKLE:	Judy and Jerry. OK, so you get back in the car to drive
back home?
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	OK, and you drive home. Now you’re there and everybody
comes out of the house as you look at the object in the
pasture. Who comes out of the house?
DORATY:	There’s Jeannette and Albert and their children, little Albert and
Mark, Sharon and Vicki and Karen. I don’t know. Judy’s children, the
babies. And I don’t remember Cindy being there.
SPRINKLE:	You don’t remember seeing your daughter, Cindy?
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	OK, just look around slowly. Focus on who’s there. You can
see everybody who is there standing, looking at the object.
Anybody else?
DORATY:	No.
SPRINKLE:	OK, relax deeply. Just let yourself relax deeply. Breathing
deep and easily, let yourself go into a very deep state of
concentration, a very deep stage of awareness. Now you
won’t have to worry about this information at a conscious
level. Just let yourself go to a very deep stage, a subconscious 
level. You’ll be able to go back in time, going back
to an earlier time this evening. Back to the time when you
see Cindy. You’ll be able to talk and describe where you
are, what’s the time and what’s the location when you see
Cindy?
DORATY:	We were going to bingo. It was early in the evening. I remember her
being in the car. I remember going to Jeannette’s and Albert’s and
dropping the kids off. I don’t remember anything after that as far as
Cindy’s concerned.
SPRINKLE:	OK, so you drop off the youngsters. Where’s Cindy when
she’s riding in the car?
DORATY:	In the back seat.
SPRINKLE:	Is she on the right? On the left?
DORATY:	She’s in the right side of the back side.
(Judy motions in the air with her hand.)
SPRINKLE:	OK, and you’re riding along. You drop off the youngsters.
And then you get back in the car. Did you get out of the car
to let the youngsters off? Or did you just open up the door
and let them out?
DORATY:	No, they were babies. The mother and father got out.
SPRINKLE:	Did Cindy get out?
DORATY:	No, I don’t think so.
SPRINKLE:	Cindy’s sitting in the back. The mother and father get out
with the babies, take the babies inside. What happens next?
DORATY:	We go to Houston, to Pasadena, to bingo. And I think I remember
Cindy being there. (Pause.) I remember her being in the car after that
even.
SPRINKLE:	OK, she’s in the car. And you go out of the car to play
bingo and you come back and you get back in the car.
Who’s sitting in the car now?
DORATY:	I remember Cindy being there now, in the car. She’s in the car.
SPRINKLE:	And where is she sitting?
DORATY:	In the back seat. I believe she, I think she’s on the left this time.
SPRINKLE:	OK, just let yourself relax deeply now. Let yourself relax
and picture yourself driving along. See everybody in the
car. Cindy’s on the left. What happens next?
DORATY:	I just can’t remember. I remember seeing the light and pulling over. But
I can’t remember. Cindy’s there one minute and then she’s gone the next
and I can’t bring it out.
SPRINKLE:	OK, let yourself go to the ship, go to the craft. Let yourself
be aware of what’s happening next. You can be aware of
where Cindy is.
DORATY:	(Long pause.) I know I have a feeling of fear.
SPRINKLE:	OK, let yourself go on through the experience. Let yourself
go on through the fear. What impressions come to mind?
DORATY:	I just visualize her on a table.
SPRINKLE:	OK, what happens next?
DORATY:	(Judy starts pounding her hand on the arm of the chair,
cries out loud.)
I’m just afraid they’re going to do to her what they did to the animal!
(She sobs.)
SPRINKLE:	Let yourself relax deeply ...
DORATY:	(Judy flings her head up and opens her eyes looking angrily
at Sprinkle.) No, I don't want to!
SPRINKLE:	You can tolerate ...
DORATY:	No, I can’t!
SPRINKLE:	You know it’s all right. Just let yourself go on through. Just
relax deeply. You know that everything’s going to be OK.
You see Cindy on the table. What happens next?
DORATY:	I’m just afraid they’re going to hurt her. (Still crying, tears streaming 
down her face.)
SPRINKLE:	You’re afraid, but you let yourself go ahead. Let yourself
go on through the experience. Let yourself be aware. Let
yourself relax deeply. You can be aware of what happens
next.
DORATY:	(Long pause with her hand over her eyes.) They put her to
sleep, I guess.
SPRINKLE:	(Relieved that Judy continues, Dr. Sprinkle exhales a
breath.) OK, they put her to sleep. What’s happening now?
DORATY:	They’re just examining her, I guess. (More crying.) But I’m so afraid
they’re going to cut her or something!
SPRINKLE:	Do you say anything?
DORATY:	They don’t listen. They just ignore me and just go about their work as
if it’s nothing. They don’t seem to have any emotions. They don’t seem
to care. I thought they were going to harm her. That they were going to
do to her what they did to the animals.
SPRINKLE:	But they don’t harm her?
DORATY:	No.
SPRINKLE:	No. OK, what does happen?
DORATY:	They just take some samples from her.
SPRINKLE:	What kind of samples?
DORATY:	I don’t know. Just scrapings like ... they go inside her mouth. I can see
her lying there and they just kind of scrape little pieces off.
(Judy’s hand moves to her opened mouth as if she had a
utensil scraping inside her cheeks.)
SPRINKLE:	Any other samples?
DORATY:	That’s all I can remember.
SPRINKLE:	OK, doing fine. Just let yourself relax. Let yourself be
aware of what happens next.
DORATY:	They reassure me that she’s going to be all right. But I don’t believe
them.
SPRINKLE:	They tell you everything’s going to be all right, but you
don’t know whether to believe them or not?
DORATY:	I just don’t. I feel like maybe they just want to be left alone. You know,
they were very busy doing their work real quickly. I thought maybe
they just considered that like they would the animal, justfor the good
of mankind or something but I didn’t want them using her (Cindy).
And I was afraid they wouldn’t understand and I couldn’t make them
understand.
SPRINKLE:	Tried to tell them, but they	...
DORATY:	Wouldn’t listen. They just went about their work. They didn’t have
any emotion or feeling. They couldn’t seem to understand why I would
even be upset.
SPRINKLE:	Just like it was routine ...
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	Business for them?
DORATY:	Like a laboratory animal or something.
SPRINKLE:	And you were frightened and worried. Everything’s OK.
Let yourself relax, let yourself go on through the experience. 
What happens next?
DORATY:	They just kind of do all kinds of things. They’re working very quickly
and it seems like they’re hustling about.
SPRINKLE:	OK, Judy, it’s a difficult experience. But let yourself go
on through the experience now and see yourself standing
there and looking at the table. You see Cindy and you see
the men working quickly and efficiently. Let yourself go on
through the experience. Let’s see what happens next?
DORATY:	I try to stop them, I try to interrupt them. But they just ignore me. And
somehow they cut me off to where I can’t see anymore. * I don’t know
how they did it. And I couldn’t get to where they were at, but they
assured me that she would be OK.
SPRINKLE:	So somehow you’re not able to see what happens next?
DORATY:	Right.
SPRINKLE:	As if there’s more, more examination going on?
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	Do they say what is happening?
DORATY:	No, just that they more or less give me assurance that she’ll be fine.
But it’s not enough. I still feel ...
SPRINKLE:	You’re still worried?
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	Apprehensive. OK, what happens next?
' Leo Sprinkle said afterward he suspected the alien beings somehow mentally blocked
Judy from seeing her daughter subjected to a vaginal probe.
DORATY:	I don’t know. I get back to the car. And I don’t even remember her being
there. It’s almost like they changed my thought patterns or my head or
something around to where I didn’t remember her even being with us.
SPRINKLE:	And you drive back home.
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	OK, and then be aware of when you get out of the car.
How many people are in the car? Be aware of how many
people get out of the car.
DORATY:	She’s not there either. She’s there later because she rides home with us.
But I don’t know at what point that she’s back. I can’t remember the
exact point.
SPRINKLE:	OK, see yourself driving along. See yourself driving home.
See yourself driving up to the house. Now see yourself
getting out of the car. How many people get out of the car?
Who are they who get out of the car?
DORATY:	You’re right. She’s there when we get out of the car. There’s Judy and
Jerry and Cindy and my Mom and we get out of the car.
SPRINKLE:	Get out of the car.
DORATY:	But I don’t know when she came back.
SPRINKLE:	But you know she’s OK?
DORATY:	Yeah.
SPRINKLE:	And this is when you see the craft coming down in the
pasture.
DORATY:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	And everybody looks at it.
DORATY:	But I didn’t see her before and I think it’s because she wasn’t right next
to me. She must have stepped back. There were a lot of people there.
But I don’t... I know she’s OK. [End of hypnosis session.]



Appendix 13

Complete Transcript of Notes
by Dr. Leo Sprinkle in Hypnosis Sessions with Mother and Son
Abduction in Cimarron, New Mexico in May 1980

On May 6, 1980, Leo Sprinkle received a phone call from Paul
Bennewitz who was investigating an abduction case in New Mexico for the
Aerial Phenomenon Research Organization (APRO). These are the notes Leo
wrote that day:

“Tues., 6 May 1980
Woman and 6-year-old boy; UFO came at her; UFOs in field, two front,
two back and one on left. Big one was size of two Goodyear blimps. Two hundred 
feet over one to left came toward her; could see windows and amber light.
She tried to move, could not. Confusion about boy (inside or out.) Got loose;
got in car; finally started the car and drove on to Clayton, New Mexico, at
7:15 p.m. (Twenty-eight miles from UFO site to house.) Arrived 1:15 a.m. this
morning. Four hour time loss ?
Paul Bennewitz asked feelings: She said that she felt she wasn’t supposed
to be there, always felt ‘held.’ Big one followed her.
She is twenty-eight years old. She has been upset. Son was awake several
times last night.
Paul has checked auto; finds N & S poles, magnetic, every foot or so from
front to rear of car. She described ‘wind in her face. ’
Cattle mutilations in the area ? She said that there were many cows in the
pasture. ”

FIRST HYPNOSIS SESSION WITH MOTHER
FIVE DAYS LATER ON MAY 11, 1980:

Leo hypnotized the boy’s mother with Paul Bennewitz present.

MOTHER:	I'm driving. My son’s right there in my ear, talking to me. I’m half tuning him out. The light is so bright. I feel like it’s coming in on me. I stop the car and we get out. This isn’t real. It can’t be happening. What is it?
There’s another one. The bright is confusing. I want to leave. But I want to see what it is. My son wants to leave. But I’ve got to know what’s going on. So much commotion. They’re landing. Oh, God! Cattle are screaming!
But I’ve got to know who it is. My son wants to go. The light is so bright.
It’s orange. I want to see them; I want to go to them. I’m out of the car.
Screaming of the cattle; it’s horrible, it’s horrible! It's in pain. Incredible pain! I still want to go to them, but... (Pause.) But they’re mad.
SPRINKLE:	They’re mad?
MOTHER:	They are. They are confused. I don’t know where son is. I can ’/ find my son. I told him to stay. So bright, I can’t really see. I can’t, I can’t remember. So bright. I’m so heavy. I can’t make my body, can’t make my body move. They’re everywhere around us. (Pause.)
SPRINKLE:	Now?
MOTHER:	I don’t know. (Pause.)
SPRINKLE:	Let yourself be aware.
MOTHER:	I just don’t know. I don’t know where I am.
SPRINKLE:	See where you are?
MOTHER:	I’m trying, but the lights are so bright that I can’t see.
SPRINKLE:	Hear something?
MOTHER:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	What do you hear?
MOTHER:	Movement. A whine. My body feels like a pencil, so thin and frail, I’m floating. Motion motion is rocking. I’ve hated ships. I
hate the rocking. I want to go back and leave. It too late. I can’t find my son. The figure three. They keep moving around me.
Circling me. ‘Don’t worry. ’ I want my son. Where is he? ‘Don’t worry. He’s all right. ’ I still can’t hear any voices.
SPRINKLE:	No voices? Who says, ‘Don’t worry. He’s all right	?’
MOTHER:	I don’t know. The light is so bright;	I can’t see anything but the light.
SPRINKLE:	Color?
MOTHER:	(She shakes her head.) I can’t describe it. It s scary.
SPRINKLE:	The light?
MOTHER:	Yes. It hurts. Right between my eyes, it hurts.
SPRINKLE:	Heat?
MOTHER:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	Intense heat?
MOTHER:	Real hot. I’m kicking my legs. I want up!
SPRINKLE:	Are you being held down?
MOTHER:	I can’t tell. I don’t feel any restraints. I’m fighting fighting hard. I want to get up, I want to look. (Shakes head.) 	I can’t remember. There’s more movement around. Very close to me. Something sharp! (Agitated tone.)
Ahhhh! (She shakes shoulder.) It hurts, but it s not so painful that I cry or wince. (Breathing deeply and groaning.) Oh!
SPRINKLE:	Now?
MOTHER:	I don’t know. There’s something touching (shudders)... touching my shoulder. Sharp, so sharp in the back of my neck. It’s so cold. (Pause.)
I still can’t see anything except dark figures. I think there’s something on their heads. (Shakes head.) Oh, no! No, no! It’s dark now. I'm cold. I’m so cold! I don’t have any shoes or socks on. (Groans.) My head is tingling.
There’s something they’re sticking something in my ears. Oh, I don’t like it! I don’t like this! Can’t remember anymore.
SPRINKLE:	Can’t remember anymore?
MOTHER:	I don’t want to.
SPRINKLE:	Don’t want to?
MOTHER:	Oh, no! (Groaning, breathing deeply.) I want my baby! Oh!
(Weeping.) I can only feel how scared I am. I’m so cold. My legs are cold. (Groaning.) So cold. (Weeping.) No one will talk, no one will tell you ...so cold. Pain in my head.
SPRINKLE:	Now?
MOTHER:	I think I’m alone. No, there’s one person there.
SPRINKLE:	One person?
MOTHER:	Gentle touch. I can feel the touch on my eyebrows. I’m not so scared now.
I just want to go. I’m not scared now. I can hear my son. I think he’s laughing. (Surprise in her voice.) I feel pulsing. Strong pulsing. Still cold.
Still feel the weight of something on my eyebrow. Strange! Like a finger.
But I can’t open my eyelids. Can’t look. ‘OK, we’re going to move you. ’
SPRINKLE:	Who says this?
MOTHER:	I don’t know. I’m being carried. There’s at least four carrying me. (Smiles.) Like firemen carry. I’m not so scared anymore. I can’t hear my son anymore, but I heard him and I know he’s near. I want to open my eyes. I want to look. I don’t feel the heat of the light on me. I can feel my body. I still can’t move. I feel no pain. I’m fully conscious. (Smiles.) I can hear them moving me, walking, activity, lots of activity. Flashing, even with my eyes closed, I can tell there is flashing. But I can’t move. I’m chilled, I’m cold, but I can’t move. I have my clothes on now. I’m still chilled, but I’m not so cold. Can’t hear a thing can’t hear anything at all. (Pause.) Can’t feel anything touching me anymore.
SPRINKLE:	Do you know where you are now?
MOTHER:	No, I can’t hear any voices. Nothing, except movement.	(Smiles.)
Sounds like they drag their feet when they walk.
SPRINKLE:	Drag their feet?
MOTHER:	Shuffle.
SPRINKLE:	Do you see them?
MOTHER:	No, I still can’t get my eyes open yet. I’m relieved I’m not cold anymore. They took the thing out of my ear. They ’re not touching me anymore. They ’re going to let me go soon. I can look out the window now. Something bright red out there. I’m getting warm at least. (Pause.) I’m still laying down though because I can see them move around me. There’s a (pause) ...
SPRINKLE:	See them move around you?
MOTHER:	My son remembers what they look like, but it’s not coming.
(Shudders and groans.) Uh! Oh! I don’t want to think about it.
Oh! No, no! (Shudders.) No! I’m repulsed! I think I’m going to be sick. Oh! (Pause.) It hurts, it hurts. OH! OH! OH! The pain is too bad in my head. It hurts! (Shudders.) Revulsion! That’s all I can feel! I’m just totally -I don’t want to remember anymore! (Extends fingers, grimaces.)
I’m in a lot bigger place. The lights are brighter and green; greenish yellow. Oh! (Groans.) Oh! They don’t all look the same! (Surprise in voice.) I don’t know why. I think one is a female, or different, somehow. Narrow slits for eyes. Just this one is different; holding my arms; don’t like it touching me, but I’m not so afraid of it. Oh! (Shudders.) Can’t remember. (Sighs.) Oh no! (Shakes head.) I can’t really remember except I’m mad. I’m kicking. I can move, but... They’re restraining me. They’re rough! Except for the one that is different. I can almost see them. My eyes are open. The reason I’m kicking them is they’re pulling my boots off. I’m kicking them, I’m making them mad. Oh, I don’t know, but they’re rough. (Smiles.) I think I told them to ‘eat shit. ’
Bright! Almost white, but not true white. A pinkish glow. I’m calming down. I think I’m giving up. Oh! (Shudders.) I don’t want to think about it. Oh! (Groans and shakes head.) I can almost describe them, but it keeps going away. I think I’m ... (Lifts hands and then relaxes hands.)
Oh! (Groans.) I think I’m calling them every dirty name I can think of.
Nothing seems to bother them. They don’t seem to care. The one holding  my arms doesn’t seem to be like the others. Long slanted eyes; I don’t remember a nose. They are talking now. Fast, excited. I think I - but the light is so bright that I can only see the one that’s close. It’s hanging on to me here. (With left hand grabs right upper arm.) Tightly! I still want my baby. Light is flashing on and off real fast. I don’t know if they told me this? God! They’re ugly. They’re really ugly. Not grotesque. (Pause.) I can’t hear a voice, but something just told me it would be over soon. They want to know what’s this on my stomach? I can’t remember telling them. A scar. I think that’s what they mean - a scar. It seems to confuse them. Then I explained. They act like they understand. I’m, (pause and she placed her lefi hand on her stomach) I’m still scared. (Voice trembles.) I’m still scared. I don’t like the things they’re doing at all! (Shudders) Can I stop now? I don’t want to talk anymore.
SPRINKLE:	Do you say this to them?
MOTHER:	I tell them, ‘I’ll be nice if you bring my son to me. ’ But I don’t remember  for sure. My name! That’s asked me over and over. They’re called something. They used the word.
SPRINKLE:	What word do they use?
MOTHER:	I don’t know. Their voices are so ordinary. Monotone. Nothing really pleasant. They all act like they’re in the Army. Two of them act like ... maybe like our doctors. I wanted... I can see them and yet I can’t.
They’re going to let me up soon. But they’re waiting for something. I call them ‘dumb asses!’ (Smiles.) Huh! They seem so perturbed! So, they keep milling around like they don’t know what they’re doing. They’re waiting for something.
Oh! Here’s one dressed in white. Very brisk! Long fingers, real long fingers.
By God! They are kind of greenish, too. The one in white is very brisk, calm. Seems to be the only one who knows what the hell is going on.
‘Going to take her back. Take her back now. You shouldn’t have done that.’ The one in white, very brisk. But puts its hand on my face. I’m not afraid of it. This one restores order. Fingers are long cover my face. I’m not repulsed by this one.
I can’t see their faces, but I can’t remember - keep fading in and out.
Their eyes fill more than one half of their face. Like empty holes. I can’t remember any bottom part of their face. They’ve turned the lights out over my face. I’m in a smaller place, a smaller room. They’re only four of them. I still haven’t seen my son. They haven’t brought me my son. Why can’t I remember?
Oh! I can see the big ship. We seem to be moving away from it, rapidly!
I can see the tops of mountains. I am on a smaller ship. OK, the other light is back in my face bright. I ask one of them, ‘Am I going to be all right ?’ I don’t remember laughter, but it seemed amused by my question. I remember them feeling apathy toward the questions I was asking. There was so much I wanted to know. They didn’t seem to care. The light is greenish-white. My body feels like lead again. I had forgotten about it before. Greenish white, very bright. They want me to go ahead. Not sure, but I think I got them in trouble. One in white was angry. Now they’re gentle. Anxious to get rid of me. I can see it going away. There’s much I can’t remember because I can’t remember. My son. (Shakes head.)
The next thing I remember: I had one foot in the car and one foot on the ground. I’m looking up at the Mother Ship, the big one and my son is saying, ‘We better go. Henry will be worried about us. ’And I’m saying, ‘Hurry, son, get in the back!’ I get in the car, turn on the headlights and see the bridge. I say to myself, ‘I don’t know where I am; I can ’t find the place again. ’ Another is coming. My son is saying, ‘Here one comes. ’
I’m just driving. I don’t know where I am, but I have a feeling that I’m where I’m supposed to be. There are cars! From the canyon! 
And I dim my lights just as I’m supposed to. The Mother Ship is up there, it startles me and I drive off the road for a moment. Then back on. It confuses me. My son is asleep, I don’t ask him. But I feel I’m OK. There’s a horrible dampness in my pants, sticky. But I’m not alarmed. Everything is OK.Oh! The Lake, Eagle Nest, just as it’s supposed to be. I’m excited. I can’t get words out, but I know what I saw.
The Mother Ship is gone. There’s something horrible; something I’m blocking out. They have burning eyes, like the Devil. They didn’t all look alike. It hurts my head right here. (Both hands to temples.) (Sighs.) Oh!
It hurts! Wasn’t a very smooth flight all the time. Times when it seems to vibrate. There’s a big blank. They’re working. I wish I could remember their feet. The one in white! I couldn’t tell any shape to that body at all.
Whatever it was wearing was loose and long to the floor. He was angry, very angry, but not with me - he’s the only one who didn’t repulse me.
They were ugly and he was very light green. Almost jaundiced.
SPRINKLE:	What other features?
MOTHER:	I don’t remember. But I know I will remember. (Smiles.) They weren’t beautiful. They weren’t alike. Some were more repulsive. One grabbed me here (left wrist) then here (left upper arm), but wasn’t so rough. Instead of big eyes, they were small and long. Their eyes weren’t brown - a quality of looking into a hole. Reddish, a color I was freaked. This isn’t any drug trip. I have the impression of seeing the bottoms of smaller ships above us. But I don’t know when. They were careful. They were trying to keep me from seeing a lot. I only heard their voices twice, when they were speaking to each other. When they communicated with me, it was like they didn’t say anything. I just knew. That’s happened to me a lot. I think they have ears. Maybe they had headgear. I don’t know. There were just a few.
Most of them were like dark shadows because of the lights in my eyes. I
don’t remember teeth.
SPRINKLE:	Other features?
MOTHER:	So hard.
SPRINKLE:	Mouth or tongue?
MOTHER:	Don’t remember mouth.
SPRINKLE:	Facial hair?
MOTHER:	Don’t remember facial hair.
SPRINKLE:	Lips or cheeks?
MOTHER:	Cheeks, yes. Structure.
SPRINKLE:	Lips?
MOTHER:	Just don’t remember.
SPRINKLE:	Chin?
MOTHER:	Different. (Left hand moves overface.)	One seemed to have a 	chin. There was bone structure to their face. (Smiles.)	The one in white - Hah! I
remember saying,  ‘I’11 be damned. There are little green men!’ Not like grass, but light, almost jaundiced. The others seemed to freeze, stop. His head was round, he had no hair. No way to tell if they were male or female.
SPRINKLE:	Height?
MOTHER:	I was lying down, I couldn’t tell.
SPRINKLE:	Size?
MOTHER:	Bony, skinny - almost skeletal. One in white, big eyes, cheekbone, chin.
I don’t remember a nose and mouth. Can’t describe it as a nose, but something. Didn’t repulse me like the others. But it wasn’t there when they were taking my clothes off and examining me. I don’t want to think about it. The pain though, painful! That’s when I was calling them names, trying  to kick at them when they were taking off my boots. I don’t remember being restrained, but I must have been.
At points, there comes ‘feathered light.’ I couldn’t move. Like I was skinny as they were, long and thin like a pencil. Couldn’t move even though I
felt light. Couldn’t move. Could move my lips, but that damn light was so bright. I think they made a mistake, but I can’t remember it. I will remember it, I will. It’s painful to think about it, but I will!
They did something wrong. They ‘deviated procedure. ’ That must not happen. I don’t know. I think the man in white, he was the nicest one.
Calm, not sweet, but an air of orderliness. That makes me calm. I
wanted to feel a plan to the whole thing. I can’t remember hearing my son except once and he was laughing. I was so scared for him and wanted him. Maybe I was scared for me and wanted him. Oh! It hurts.
SPRINKLE:	(Suggestions to relax deeply and let go of the emotions that are bothersome.)
MOTHER:	They did let me look out the window, but I don’t know when they let me out. I could only see a part of a circle, but it looks beautiful. 
Half of something. (Lifts right hand.) Beautiful, bright.
(Hand slumps.) That’s all.
SPRINKLE:	(Suggestions to recall impressions at a later time; remembering  experiences and accepting them; returning to the normal conscious state.)


INTERVIEW WITH THE MOTHER’S
6-YEAR-OLD BOY 3:30 P.M.. MAY 11. 1980:

BOY:	Car stopped.
SPRINKLE:	Next?
BOY:	We looked at the UFOs.
SPRINKLE:	What do you see?
BOY:	See them move. Slow.
SPRINKLE:	What else?
BOY:	They landed.
SPRINKLE:	Then?
BOY:	Killed cow.
SPRINKLE:	How?
BOY:	I don’t know.
SPRINKLE:	Did you see the cow?
BOY:	No.
SPRINKLE:	Heard the cow?
BOY:	Yeah. They took off. Slowly up.
SPRINKLE:	How many?
BOY:	Two.
SPRINKLE:	What else?
BOY:	I don’t know. They started going away. The big one followed us to the canyon.
SPRINKLE:	Then?
BOY:	I don’t know.
SPRINKLE:	(Suggestions to relax and recall impressions.)
BOY:	UFOs, only see one. Shiny, bright. More came. Eight. Big one looks different. Kinda square, triangle.
SPRINKLE:	Color?
BOY:	No.
SPRINKLE:	Sound?
BOY:	Not too loud.
SPRINKLE:	Others?
BOY:	Uh huh. Two landed. One close and other away. Landed behind a little hill. They ’re starting to kill cows. See other UFOs in the air.
SPRINKLE:	Hear?
BOY:	Noises. Weird.
SPRINKLE:	(Suggestion to relax.) Where are you sitting?
BOY:	In the back seat.

Leo asks questions about rooms, furniture and people inside the UFO.
Boy describes the “UFO man” as having green skin, no hair. Two hands with five fingers each. Two eyes, two ears, nose, mouth. Estimated height of taller beings is seven feet tall and two feet across at shoulders.


2ND INTERVIEW WITH MOTHER.
10:20 P.M.. MAY 11. 1980:

MOTHER:	God! The brightest, whitest light I’ve ever seen. How can it fly like that.
What is it? It’s incredible. This is real. Oh, I’m scared. How can they be doing that? Killing that cow! It’s not even dead. It’s alive.
SPRINKLE:	You see the cow?
MOTHER:	It’s not even dead, but they’re pulling it apart. Ugh! Oh! (Pause.) They’re taking us with the cow. And my son. But I’m going in one ship and they’re taking him toward the other one.
SPRINKLE:	Other ship?
MOTHER:	Yeah, they’re two of them. I’m scared. My heart is pounding so hard.
This is real - this is really happening to me.
SPRINKLE:	Now?
MOTHER:	I think we’re off the ground. But I can’t move. I can’t open my eyes. I’m hot. Real hot, light. Heat must come from the light, it’s so bright. They can’t let me go. They don’t know what to do. I keep asking them questions. 
They won’t tell me anything. Keep talking about me like I’m not there. I feel them talking. I can’t hear the sound of voice. There’s not a pitch to it. Oh! Now, my body feels so heavy. Weird feeling it’s so heavy.
They’re excited. I can feel the excitement. I’m on a table. That white light, so bright, it’s blinding. God! I still can’t move, but I don’t know why. Oh! I’m so heavy; I can’t move. Like thousands of pounds holding me down. They still don’t know what to do.
SPRINKLE:	Go on with the experience.
MOTHER:	Wow! I want my son. He’s not there. I have the feeling he’s a long way from me. I keep asking, “Where’s my baby ? I want my baby!’ Still feel heavy. Tons heavy. Oh! That feeling is easing up.
Slowly, I’m beginning to feel lighter. Lighter, like maybe I can
move. And I want to, I want to open my eyes. But the light is too bright. It hurts! I want to see them.
SPRINKLE:	(Suggestion to see them.)
MOTHER:	I’m so confused. They shoved me and pushed me onto the ship. I would have gone, but they were separating us. I wanted to be with my son. I was afraid what they would do to my son ... maybe never give him back to me, ever! They were confused. Yeah, they were confused. They weren’t orderly. I think that I ruined the routine. I think they do the same thing all the time. And I ruined it. They aren’t so rough ... and confused and shuffling  around. Talking to themselves. I don’t understand. I hear no pitch, no change, I can only feel. But I know they’re talking about me. I don’t know where they put the cow. Oh! (Anguish.)
It was alive and they were doing it. I think it was knives. But it was still alive! (Shudders.)
SPRINKLE:	(Suggestions to be aware.)
MOTHER:	They’re barbaric. They’re not above	... they don’t seem to care. Except that they’re worried about themselves because I’ve caused trouble. I want my baby. ‘The young one is gone. ’ They must have told me that -I don’t know how. Now my body is so light, so thin. I’m still lying down, but it feels so light. Feels better than the weight, but I still can’t make myself move. I’m still blinded, the light is bright... brightest thing I’ve seen. Yet, I can feel the heat on my face. The rest of me is so cold. I’m cold ‘cause they’re taking my clothes off. We’re flying.
SPRINKLE:	How do you know?
MOTHER:	There’s motion, light, gentle rocking. We’re in the air. I don’t know why.
Maybe they said. But I’m cold. I’m so cold.
SPRINKLE:	Do they say why they’re taking the clothes off?
MOTHER:	They’re not telling me anything. But I can move again. I can ’t see them. They’re around me. The light is on my face. I can feel the heat on my eyes. I can’t make them out. Oh! (Groans.) Damn! I’m getting mad. I don’t like this! They’re pulling my boots off and I kick. They’re surprised as I am that I can move. I think I hurt him, but I don’t care. I keep kicking  struggling. They’re amused, surprised, amused. Almost like they like it. (Legs move.) Oh! (Groans.) ‘Eat shit, you S.O.B. s!’
I’m surprised I can move, but I’m going to keep fighting. Oh! There’s a sharp pain in my shoulder. It hurts all the way down. I can still talk, and I’m still yelling. But they’ve got my boots off and my socks and pants.
And I’m cold. When I try to move, my shoulder, pain all the way thru my back. Incredible! Oh! They’ve moved the light back. I can feel the heat on the back of my head. I can open my eyes. There’s a glare. Something is keeping me from seeing clearly. I’m screaming ‘I want my baby!’ Oh,
God! They just don’t care. They put something up inside me. It’s cold.
It’s metal. It’s uncomfortable, not painful. Oh! I can feel them touching my legs, all over my legs. My stomach. They want to know what the scar
Oh! I’m screaming Oh! I don’t like this at all. This is unpleasant, this is horrible! Want to keep my eyes shut. I don’t want to see them now. One of them is holding my arm. Oh! It’s warm. It’s nice because I’m so cold.
When I move, the pain moves down my left arm. I try not to fight. I want it to be over. The other one is gentle or sad for me. (Pause.) Now they’re poking, poking me all over sharp, but not so painful that I’m crying; just uncomfortable. ‘Take that thing out of me!’ Now they are excited, scared, something is wrong.
We’re getting to where we’re going. The sound is different suddenly. It’s lower, lower pitched. (Shudders.) They’re dressing me. Oh! I’m still cold.
God! I’m still cold. Except for the one still holding my arm. I must be crying. Why? Why won’t they give me my baby? My heart is pounding so hard. I think I’ll pass out. The one that is sad, I don’t think she knows where the baby is. The others are shuffling. Oh, no! They’re worried.
They ’re doing their job, but they are worried. The cow is dead. I don’t know when it died. But I can see it. I can see the person holding my arm.
I can’t see them now, but I feel warm.
There’s the Man in White. Oh, he’s angry! They’re scared. I’m calmer, but my body feels much heavier again. He’s going to make them help me off the table. Oh! He’s angry. I’m glad they’re scared! But even the gentle one holding me is scared, too. Somehow I feel sorry for that one. They help me off the table. The room I’m in is huge. My body feels so heavy, like I weighed thousands of pounds. When they help me off the table, the Man in White - oh! It burns ever so lightly where his hand is on my face.
He’s sorry. This doesn’t happen, normally. They shouldn’t have done this.
They’ve been gone too long. I don’t understand the answer.
There are more men - two more men in white. They’re bigger than the other ones. I’m lying down again. I’m still chilled, but I’m not as cold as
I was. It burns right here. (Right hand on left forehead.) It burns! I’m
cold, but I don’t know if they understand that. My stomach hurts, my heart is pounding and I’m cold. It’s not that they don’t care. They don’t understand. The bright, white light. I’m scared. I think they’re going to do it again. But I lived through it. I hear my son. He sounds happy. He laughed! I hear him laugh. They’re being kind to him, ‘the young one. ’
There’s the white light (that keeps me) from really seeing. These people are not repulsive like the other ones. The other ones are ugly, ugly. I can’t really see these people. They’re calm.
SPRINKLE:	Same place?
MOTHER:	Different room. I’ve walked three rooms, one large - very large;
one small. Oh! Maybe it’s an elevator; maybe -1 don’t know what it is. I’m still in pain and discomfort from the first people.
I feel safer, I feel safe. These three men in white, they ’re strange-
looking. Thin, austere, dressed in white robe; can’t see their bodies.
SPRINKLE:	Taller than you?
MOTHER:	I think so. I’m afraid to look. I don’t think I’m being allowed to look around me. I don’t know how they’re doing it. The 3rd room is the one with the table. The one wall has flashing lights; three panels from floor to ceiling. My body feels so much lighter it’s a relief. My arm still hurts slightly. They tell me they’re sorry. They use that word, too. They apologize, 
‘Those things happen; it’s unfortunate. The young one is all right.
You ... ‘ They use a strange phrase I don’t understand. Then, they ask me to understand that it was necessary. It’s necessary; they must continue.
I feel relaxed now, I’m not frightened of these men. I’m thirsty. But I’m afraid of what they’ll give me to drink. (Smiles.) The room is high; the ceiling. And there are windows. It s beautiful, it is! But they don’t want me to look around. They’re not being rough with me, but they are very serious - very serious and concerned.
The white light over my face feels good because I’m still cold. They don’t touch me. ‘It’s necessary what we do.’ That’s the last thing I remember  them telling me. They want me to understand. I want to stop now!
SPRINKLE:	(Gives further suggestion to relax and recall events.)
MOTHER:	They think it’sfunny - they love my hair. Their heads are large. But they have no hair, no eyebrows. The gentle one in the first ship was fascinated by my eyebrows and my eyelashes, too. They (aliens) don’t blink! The sky outside, they’ve moved the white light. The sky is light, like right before dawn.
SPRINKLE:	Lovely?
MOTHER:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	Go on thru the experience which was frightening.
MOTHER:	I don’t know.
SPRINKLE:	Cow? Examination? Son? Something else?
MOTHER:	I don’t know.
SPRINKLE:	(Brings mother back to normal state for some conversation.)

CONSCIOUS DISCUSSION AFTER HYPNOSIS SESSION:

Mother talks about the cow - Hereford? The UFOLK said that “it was necessary”,  meaning the cattle mutilations. Difficulty in recalling a phrase that was used by the taller one in white. Described long knife (eighteen inches) and thin (one-half inch); silver in color; seemed to be somewhat tapered. They plunged it six inches into the chest of cow in Cimarron pasture; then they worked on the genitals while the cow was still alive and struggling, cutting with a circular motion. The boy was struggling.
She weeps as she recalls the cow experience. Her son said, “They’re mutilating the cow.”

11:40 a.m. - May 12, 1980 - Discussion of increased memories from earlier sessions. Paul Bennewitz asked questions about heaviness, odor, sounds. Mother has memory of “steel plate” the UFOLK put in her for “their protection” which seemed to be placed into Mother’s left brain.

SPRINKLE:	(Suggestions to relax and prepare for recalling more impressions.)
MOTHER:	I’m out of the car and watching them. I don’t know how they got me over the fence.
SPRINKLE:	See what happens.
MOTHER:	I don’t remember them climbing the fence. Neither did I. One minute they were next to me, like they threw me over the fence, not roughly. They just moved me over the fence. (Sounds puzzled.) They lifted me up over the fence. These guys are strong ‘cause I’m not light. But the way they lifted me, it was nothing.
[Howe note: ET anti-gravity technology.]
SPRINKLE:	Do you see the car?
MOTHER:	It was right beside me when they lifted me. I don’t see the car.
SPRINKLE:	Your son?
MOTHER:	They ’re taking my son toward the other ship.
SPRINKLE:	Which ship?
MOTHER:	One on the left.
SPRINKLE:	Cow?
MOTHER:	They ’re getting it in the ship.
SPRINKLE:	Same ship?
MOTHER:	One on the right. I’m frozen. I can’t move. I can’t think. I want to be with my son. I’m afraid of what they’re going to do with him. I can’t tell what kind of cow this is.
SPRINKLE:	You see the cow?
MOTHER:	Yeah. When they take me to the ship, I can’t feel my feet touching the ground at all. They are not gentle.
SPRINKLE:	Holding you?
MOTHER:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	How do they look? How are they dressed?
MOTHER:	The cloth is rough, dark brown. It’s dark and hard to tell. Boots, like storm trooper boots. They have an insignia on the left; it’s pretty.
SPRINKLE:	How does it look?
MOTHER:	Dark orangish design. I think it’s a dark blue background. I
don’t think we have a color like it. Three lines and a line across the bottom. [Howe Note: Trilateral Insignia?] I feel smarter than these guys; somehow superior, even though they ’re taking me. I would have fought much harder, but they had already taken my son. Somehow, they sense I feel that way. So, I’m at their mercy physically. And when they move me to the table, they pick me up, it takes four of them. Ah! I think they ’re surprised that I’m kicking up a fuss. They seem to be enjoying it. Can we go on to the more comfortable?
SPRINKLE:	Yes, go on.
MOTHER:	Ah! (Sighs.) When the man in white comes in and restores order, I feel a respect from him for me. He seems old, very old. When they take me out of the ship, I feel like I’m in a garage. I’m walking now with him. They are behind us, two of them. Two of them are behind us, but they’re not going with us. This man, I ask him for my baby... the young one. He just told me that the young one was all right. I never remember seeing my son at all. He’s upset, the older man in white. He seems agitated, but not with me. I’m not afraid of him, but my heart seems as if it is going to come out of my mouth. It’s pounding so hard. We step into something like an elevator or cylinder. I hate closed spaces. I feel like I could reach out and hold on to him and he wouldn’t care. My face still burns where he touched me. I’m scared, not of him, but his confusion. It worries me that they don’t know what they’re doing.
If I had my son, I’d be more calm. We get into a room, I can see out of a window, like a half moon, a planet. I can see the top half of it. I’m not allowed to go to the window.
SPRINKLE:	Color?
MOTHER:	White and dark spots. Pretty!	This room pulsates. It’s not -I really don’t get to examine anything long. They put me on the table and the light over my face. Not for a real long time, this time, but I can feel the heat on my face. They want to tell me that they regret that this is happening to me.
‘It’s unfortunate. ’ There are two other men in white who join this one.
They all seem agitated. Yet, they’re not rough with me. They’re not real curious about me, other than the light above my head. I can feel heat from it. I can hear it.
SPRINKLE:	Sound?
MOTHER:	Low, not real low, like the ship when it was leaving. I’m relaxed, not scared and angry. I heard my son, heard him laugh. I knew they hadn’t hurt him or cut him up. I wanted to know about the cattle mutilation. I don’t feel superior to these men, but they ... I ask them about the cattle:
‘It’s necessary. ’ But they have no more time to explain - they have to decide  what to do with me and the young one. They decide they have to take me back to where they picked me up. The same ones, or like them, ugly, take me back. This is the first time I look at the faces of the uniformed ones. They didn’t let me look at first. Later I could open my eyes. Then I was repulsed. These taking me back are gentle. Oh! They tell me that it is ‘regrettable’ that they must do this. I think they are talking about my memory. I tried to lie to them and they were aware that I was thinking ‘I can’t wait to tell Henry. ’ These men seemed so old. I don’t know how they wiped my memory. I laid back down. The room was big, very big. The control panels, three sections all the way from the floor to the ceiling. Fantastic! Before I go, I want my sweater. Great, this throws them into a quandary. I explain that’s part of my clothing. This upsets them. One leaves. They ask me to lie on the table. I don’t want to, but I do. He asks me to roll over on my stomach and I do. It’s uncomfortable. I can’t keep my face on the table. They put something soft for my face like a pillow.
It’s a neat feeling. I felt comfortable. There was a sharp pain, for a moment,  in my neck and shoulder. I think I was drugged. The next thing I
can remember clearly is that my body is very heavy.
SPRINKLE:	Be aware.
MOTHER-	When I get off the table, the little uniformed guys, the one with the crooked nose, they put the sweater on me. They repeat the word, ‘Sweater. ’ They seem to like the sound of it when they say it or think it. I’m not aware of audible conversation, only that. Then they take me back to a ship in the garage. It’s huge, incredible! I recline, not completely lying down, but they don’t want me to see anything. I’m being cooperative because they have promised my young one back. I’m confident that they’re taking me back.
I can’t wait to have my son in my arms. I’m not scared, my heart isn’t pounding. I look around like I’ve seen it a million times. Only two men around me. They restrain my head. I don’t fight. My body feels heavy.
There’s a shock. Everything goes - whoosh!
SPRINKLE:	Light?
MOTHER No, movement. My neck hurts, I feel pretty heavy. I was so thirsty but I was afraid of what they’d give me to drink. When we land, there’s that rocking motion again. Not a jolt, but rocking, (left hand rocking back and forth slightly.)
My body is heavy. I remember someone’s arms around me, like they were holding me, steadying me on my feet. I watched them go straight up not a sound. And I’ve got one foot in the car and one out. My son is in the front seat. And I’m looking up at the big one. And I’m going, ‘What in the world is it?’ I see the other one coming. I yell to my son, ‘Get back, get back!’
I get in, turn the key and nothing happens. And I don’t remember what has happened. I say, ‘Lord, what’s happening?’ I worry that they are coming after us. My son says the one in back of us is coming. Then I can start the car. No pain, worried about wetting my pants. There’s something sticky there. Oh! There’s something I’m leaving out.
SPRINKLE:	(Suggestions to relax and be aware.)
MOTHER:	It’s right there. (Squirming.) Leo! Can I stop?
SPRINKLE:	(Suggestions to relax and recall the experience.)
MOTHER:	No pain, really discomfort.
SPRINKLE:	Are you aware of the experience?
MOTHER:	Kind of.
SPRINKLE:	Want to talk about it?
MOTHER:	My head hurts. Sure, I want to talk about it, but I don’t know what it is.
SPRINKLE:	(Suggestions to relax.)
MOTHER:	Can you hear that? That hum, that same hum?
SPRINKLE:	(Go on thru experience.)
VERY TALL HUMANOIDS WITH PALE YELLOW SKIN:
MOTHER:	Alright. We landed somewhere. I’m excited, ecstatic, not scared. I think they’ve taken me somewhere important. They won’t let me get out. I’m angry. I stamp my feet. More people come in like the one in white, although they’re not all in white. There are five of them; two look differently: narrow  eyes. They’re not greenish, not slitty eyes; like those on first ship, but they’re not huge. They seem to be important! Maybe doctors or scientists. I don’t know why they don’t know what to do with me. I’m not allowed to go to the window', but I can see ships, activity, the outline of the terrain. Hilly, not big like mountains, not as big as mountains. But I don’t know why they won’t allow me to go to the window. This was all before I was drugged. Boy! They keep it cold in there. Before the sweater routine.
SPRINKLE:	Temperature?
MOTHER:	Maybe forty degrees Fahrenheit. I have on light clothes; it was hot in
Oklahoma. I put on my sweater at Clayton. They are very kind; the way they move is beautiful. They all shuffle their feet, long strides. Taller than me. Six feet or taller.
SPRINKLE:	Hair?
MOTHER:	No, no hair. So graceful, clothing is so pretty. They ask me - this seems to be so important to them that I forgive them. I keep saying ‘Sure. ’ I’m excited. I want to get out and look around. I want to know so many things, but there’s not enough time. They’ve been told twice that they must return me. I know my son is all right; I’ve heard him. These people fascinate me. I want to know so many things. I want to know where we are, but they indicate that I wouldn’t understand. I feel sensitivity; they don’t make me feel stupid. Their arms are long I don’t know why I feel that one is a woman. They want to examine me again. I’m cooperative and they’re not rough. Wait, this isn’t an examination. This is something else. This is they’ve got the light in my eyes and it’s burning. (Right hand to face.) My head hurts. I’m getting real damned tired of this. I ask a lot of questions, but I don’t remember any of the answers. At this point, it doesn’t seem to matter because the men in white told me that they wouldn’t allow me to say anything; they are indulgent because they won’t allow me to say anything anywhere. That hum is low.
SPRINKLE:	Go on through the experience.
MOTHER:	I don’t remember what happened after I lay down on the table. I’m glad I remembered the one in purple. Two in dark green.
SPRINKLE:	Clothing color?
MOTHER:	Yes, dark color.
SPRINKLE:	Skin color?
MOTHER:	Normal, pale yellowish.
SPRINKLE:	Facial features?
MOTHER:	Eyes not as big as men in white. Two of them looked like men in white.
The other three look alike. They’ve no hair. Otherwise, they have mouths,
facial features. Very much like ours. Eyes are larger, pretty eyes. Not sure they would be called lips. Long arms.
SPRINKLE:	Hands to knees?
MOTHER:	Maybe. Hard to tell, they have robes on. I can’t see their legs or
feet. They walked; didn’t float.
SPRINKLE:	Speak?
MOTHER:	Yes. But yet they - I don’t remember hearing any sound. I talked out loud. I remember hearing my voice.
SPRINKLE:	Their voices?
MOTHER:	But I don’t remember hearing their voice. Oh! (Right hand to head.) I’m sorry, but that (hum) is driving me nuts. I went close to the window and I felt like I was jerked back. I don’t think they meant to be rough with me. I had the impression that they had no choice and wished to hell that I hadn’t been brought there. Wondered why I hadn’t been taken back immediately. 
My nose is running.
SPRINKLE:	Here’s a kleenex.
MOTHER:	Thank you. I told them if they’d give me back my son, I’d stay as long as they wanted me to. They ask me to not harm them. (Surprise in voice.)
They ask, ‘Do you know who we are?’
SPRINKLE:	Did you reply?
MOTHER:	I said, ‘No, I have no idea. ’ I think I don’t know why ... (Sighs.) I see water. A lot of water. like I’m in a plant of some kind. I don’t know where this is. Rushing water, some kind of a plant.
SPRINKLE:	Be aware.
MOTHER:	I don’t know how I got there. A lot of activity. Wherever I am, I’m on a base. A base of operations. This is very important to them. I could cause them great harm. They haven’t harmed me or the young one, so why should I harm them? The one in purple does most of the talking. The
cattle ‘is regrettable. ’ They don’t want to talk about it. It is too much
involved. I believe that.
SPRINKLE:	Purpose of mutilations?
MOTHER:	Only that it is necessary;yet it is regrettable. Why? Why should they care? I asked one at one point if they were going to kill me? They were aghast at the thought. Yet, I think they did think about keeping me; they were very bothered about me. I think the terrain at the window looked like Earth. But I don’t know how that could be; this place is huge, enormous.
SPRINKLE:	Information about location?
MOTHER:	No, not now, I think ... I know ... Leo! (Excited about
recognition.)
SPRINKLE:	You’re OK.
MOTHER:	Are you sure? I feel cold. I want to come back.
SPRINKLE:	(Suggestions to return to normal state. Discussion of a
feeling of anger by Mother at Leo and Paul Bennewitz and
the recorder; wanting to smash the recorder. Confusion
about time sequence, like there were “days” which passed.
Twice told by men in white that she was to be taken back,
perhaps to calm her down. Terrain seemed to be hilly, like
Earth; saw three other UFOs take off; eight or ten came in.
Lighting was “odd”, not fluorescent or amber, but easy on
her eyes. Really pretty flight patterns, like a swoop. They
had a lot of concern about Mother’s memory.)
MOTHER:	I don’t know if they let me out of the ship or not, but they let me stand there at the plant. An indoor river. I leaned on a rail looking 
down; they were with me.
BENNEWITZ:	A cavern?
MOTHER:	I don’t know, could be.
BENNEWITZ:	That’s it! Underground temperature is 56 degrees F.
MOTHER:	A feeling of ‘tremendous power. ’ Funny, I enjoyed them; they didn’t make me feel stupid. They didn’t talk down to me.

Leo and Paul asked questions about metal, cold and uncomfortable,
which was placed “inside” Mother. An unusual vaginal discharge. Scar on abdomen  is hysterectomy of 1977 or 1978. More discussion about her feeling of wanting to be angry and smash recorder.

SPRINKLE:	(Suggestions to relax and concentrate for another hypnosis
session.)
MOTHER:	I remember the first thing I saw was the white, bright light coming at us ... in the windshield. ‘What is that?’ Don’t remember putting car in reverse, remember putting car on brake, walking in field; they grab my arms behind my back; carried, half dragged up ramp, duck my head in door, odd.
I can remember ship -pretty neat looking bigger than I thought, not
huge like the other one, but still big. I can remember being ‘spit out, ’force that took me to upper level, spit out or pushed. They were rough! Burned where they were touching me, my arms. On the table, white light in my eyes, the takeoff, how fat my body got like lead! Heavy! ... Do I have to go through all that?
SPRINKLE:	You don’t have to unless it’s significant.
MOTHER:	I hear a loud noise in my ear, grating pain on my left side of head, lot of pain. I’m more aware of the shape of the room I’m in ... it’s smaller than I thought. There are windows. This is just a glimpse before they shove me on the table, white light. I call them names, ‘eat shit!’ before the exam. ‘Where’s my son?’ I don’t remember landing. I remember the Man in White, his hood was up when he came in. His hand burned my head.
The men (little men) need to be punished. I remember seeing them naked,
waist up, thin, ribs, clavicles, more ribs than we have - I don’t know. The thinness of them, their hands, and yet they could pick me up.
SPRINKLE:	Hands?
MOTHER:	Not claws, long fingernails, knotty and gnarled. Harsh-looking so small, thin, bones ... skin barely a covering. Grotesque, the thinness of them!
One has a nose that’s crooked, turned up and crooked. They shuffle, drag
their feet. Had uniforms. There was (hands at throat) a Franciscan
Monk’s collar. [Howe Note: Is this like layered yellow collar in
Colorado couple’s abduction in Chapter 6?] Belt, military-type
boots, patch. (Right hand on left chest.) Ugly, rowdy, rough. One was
feminine. She had a collar, gathered at neck like a pilgrim with ruffles -
Victorian period? Didn’t look comfortable.
Patch. Squared head, holes like a small nose or just two holes. Pea green!
She honestly was green! I car't believe it still! I'm outraged. I can’t believe this is real! How can they be like this? Where are they from? The ship is beautiful. The Man in White is not green, but jaundiced; huge eyes, big bones, large, very angry. He snaps! Aargh! Aargh! His voice seems slowed down. He gathers me up. I don’t remember them putting my clothes back on. He leaves my sweater. He has to bend over half to go through the door, but he’s standing up. Must have a high ceiling. Yeah, very perturbed.
We walk thru the garage, lot of activity. Little men skirt around us. No
salutes or greeting. We get in a round cylinder - swoosh! Big room!
Breathtaking! Stars everywhere. Beautiful, so beautiful. I can see a planet.
It s big white, black, white here and black. I only see the top half. They
never tell me I can’t go to the window; it’s understood. I’m sitting on this
table, lifting me by my clothes. He knows he burned my face before - he
didn’t want to hurt me. Big table, like a queen size bed. No chairs. Panel
is beautiful from ceiling to floor in three segments. Middle segment has a
big TV, twenty-four inch at least in the middle of it. Amber and white
lights. No chair in front of it. Windows are enormous. Feels like I’m
outside. God! I still don’t know where my son is. Damn! (Sighs.) I can’t
remember. Oh! (Left hand on head ...weeps.) Light flashing on and off in
my face. On and off. My head hurts. (Groans.) There’s that noise again.
It’s in my left ear. Lot of pain down here. (Neck.) Oh! (Weeping.) Why
can't I remember? Why?
SPRINKLE:	Focus on sensations.
MOTHER:	Oh! (Holds left side of neck - covers face with hands.) They are so sorry; this was an accident. They are so sorry. They don’t understand
what my son is. Nothing! Idiots! I want my son! Damn! They could put
me back, it’s simple! Put me back! Take me home! ‘Well, there’s necessary
arrangements. ’ Why can they speak English so well and they can't understand? 
I want to go home! Enough fun and adventure! I want to go home!
‘We want you to know we mean you no harm. They will be punished.
Certain arrangements, certain things that have to be done. ’
I think my heart will stop! I want my baby! ‘We will not harm you.
Unnecessary accident. ’
I am getting pissed! I’m trying to get through to these people. My son!
He’s part of me, my blood, my body! I want him back. I’m talking to all
five of them. They’re pretty huge, eyes are so big. They’re trying to keep
me calm.
They are so sorry it happened. I don’t give a damn! I want my son! They
figured it out. They said the young one is all right, eating! That’s like my son. I’m relaxing more. My head is killing me. My mouth is so dry. My son is OK, they haven’t hurt him. Now what? ‘Necessary arrangements. ’
What word? Similar - can’t grasp it. That’s OK. They’re trying to
help me - I will be returned safely. I’m not sure, and it’s in the back of
my mind. They want me to be reassured. But I’m not quiet. I communicate 
about books, Ray Bradbury, the cow! [Howe Note: Bradbury
was science fiction writer of Fahrenheit 451 and The Martian
Chronicles.] Why do they kill and mutilate? - The screaming! (Weeps
and groans.)
They are so beautiful, ship is gorgeous; they communicate so well. They
haven’t the time to communicate the reason. OK. They say they don’t read
with their eyes; they scan like computers... with?... film? Demonstrate with their hands. We’re on the ground - rugged mesa, dark behind it, reddish, pinkish glow. I see ships land and leave. Different landing. I know this countryside; it’s familiar. Two other men, take me out, the cylinder. I know where I am, on Earth. I hate elevators; they take me down so long so fast.
My heart is in my throat, feet feel like they’re off the floor. Whoosh! Feel like I’ll lose it! We stop. Crowds of people walking through there. So many people, I draw in my shoulders. I feel like I’m going the wrong way with two men. Everyone is staring but they don’t stop. Off white brick wall to my left. To the right, all kinds and sizes of people, different uniforms with patches on the left. Hustle, like Christmas. I don’t look around much. Not a command, but understood. Some people, on left going same way.
Some people are so tall, lighting is strange fluorescent? Orange glow. Lot
of people. A regular door - whoosh! - maybe it goes up. No door knob.
But it opens. (Whispers, like electric door.) Spooky. We’re alone. A different world. Bridge. Like a dam, sort of, slight sound. Maybe it’s the water I smell. Water rushing as big as the Colorado River. I’m scared, trestle, fear that there is something wrong. But, my son is OK.
Oh, my head is killing me! Roar of water is incredible. Trestle, water
is brown and muddy. Don’t know how deep it is. White water rushing. 
Two round, silver things (shows with right hand) going up and
up; I stretch my head all the way up. Oh, God! I hate caves worse than
elevators. They want me to go with them. They like my reaction - awe!
Incredible! Base city of operation. [Howe Note: Underground near
Las Cruces, NM?] A core of activity. They’re partly proud and partly
want me to come along. One in green, one in purple, tall in robes.
My time sequences? My head hurts so bad! God! We go across and
down a hallway. Here is electricity. Can't believe it. Feel apprehensive.
I’m beginning to relax, curious, real cold. Almost lost my temper; get
my sweater to me! They got it to me. It was torn! Doesn’t matter.
Couple of people - women? - pass us with ruffled collars. Long
robes don’t seem utilitarian or efficient. These people seem orderly and
yet the robes don’t seem to have a good use. I see no pockets. [Howe
Note: Also see Colorado couple’s case in Chapter 6.]
We go left to a room that is white bright, metallic white, bright, huge.
This room is big, high ceiling, recessed lighting electricity. Odd!
On the trestle, I can see well. Cold, damp, smells yukko - sulfur?
Not badly. We go into the big room, metallic, white. There are instruments, 
thing on wheels. They put me on a huge table, white light.
They roll this thing over. I think, ‘Oh, God!’ They want me to roll
over on my stomach, face down. I’m patient, scared. I’m determined to
let my heart beat. I cooperate cuz I want my son. Here he is! He’s got
on something different! Something different! We hug. I need something
to cushion my face, my nose. My son is so happy, he’s on my right. I
squeeze his hand. (Sighs.) Ah, they cushion my face. Then I roll over.
I can see bright red - my eyelids! I roll over - whatever it is, the
necessary thing to be done before they can take me back. They mess
with my head, they touch my hair. I didn’t see anybody with hair. I
don’t think I saw anybody with hair. They mess with my hair and
part it in the middle. Sharp pain here (back of head) and here (left
jaw) and here (left side of neck) throbbing in my mouth. (Sighs -
hands to face. Groans.) Just drifting now. Oh! Real relaxed, feel like
I’m floating. My son, I think he’s asleep. Had a long day. A face!
Very close to mine, large eyes, pretty. Something all around the head, a
white frame, almond-shaped eyes slanted back. Nose is small; maybe
this is a female. They want to know if I’m awake. (Sighs - slumps
forward.) Blackness, blackness. Damn! Leo, bring me back! Painful.
My head hurts so bad. The left side of my head and neck.
SPRINKLE:	(Suggestions to ease pain and continue the experience.)
MOTHER:	I think (weeps) I don’t want to know. Oh, God! Leo! I’m aware of
something happening around me. Like a black curtain, I can't see.
SPRINKLE:	(Focus on what’s happening)
MOTHER:	Ow! Pain, so intense! Flashes, bright light flashing something like two wires joined in a light bulb. Whoosh, whoosh, light! I’m screaming. My son is crying. They’re doing it to him, too. Somehow they
don’t look so pretty now. They look grotesque. They ask me how I
feel, like they care! Don’t understand. They must know I’m screaming! 
Something cold, metal is coming at me. Something at the bottom
of table that I can press my legs against. Something above my head.
(Weeps.) My son is crying screaming - I can't get through to him.
Something between us, metal, I can't get through. (Weeping and groaning) I’m in pain; I feel like I’m being tortured. Their eyes shine, burn
right through me. I feel like - oh! I’m trying not to feel the pain - I
know this has happened. Pain is intense, down my arms, light. I want
my Daddy! I keep praying to God! My son stops screaming he’s quiet.
I never hear another sound from him.
What are these things? They take my boots off, attach something that
is burning. (Groans.) Oh! (Weeps, shudders.) There’s jars, instruments
and stuff on this thing next to me that they rolled over. There’s something
on my palms that burns. I can't see. (Crying.) God! Dear God! God
is in me; God is with me; I will continue; I will survive! They tell me
they won’t kill me. (Breathing easier.) All I can do is lose consciousness.
Black curtain again. (Weeps.) I am dreadfully frightened to lift that
curtain again.
SPRINKLE:	Is it important to do so?
MOTHER:	I can't know! You know something? They don’t like us. They are
something monstrous to me now. I feel like I’ve been in Auschwitz.
(Weeping and sobbing.) Something flying over my head.
SPRINKLE:	Do you remember this part?
MOTHER:	Oh! I hurt so badly. Feel like I’m being stretched. They ask what do I feel? Huh, I feel like my face is being stretched, every muscle. Now like I’m floating. Bring me back. It all over, the pain is in the past.
SPRINKLE:	(Suggestions to return to the normal state.)
MOTHER:	I’m all right. (Leans back and relaxes. Eyes opening, looking drained and drowsy.)
I feel so heavy. My head feels real heavy. I feel strange. I remember
how I felt on the ground, slightly disoriented. No wonder I didn’t want
to remember that; I just wanted to remember the good part. No wonder
I don’t want to tell anybody. That’s what my heart has been telling me
not to tell anybody about this. MONSTROUS! I don’t want to believe
it either. Even when I was telling Paul (Bennewitz) in my heart, I
was thinking that there’s so many things worse than death. Acid taste
in my throat.
SPRINKLE:	Something in your throat?
MOTHER:	Yeah, and mouth pain in my head. It’s past. You know, my hands were red the next day -palms and fingers.

WRITTEN NOTES ABOUT CONSCIOUS
DISCUSSION OF REACTIONS AND WHERE ETS WERE:

Full moon? Mesas were dark, sun setting? Knows the area in southwest 
corner of New Mexico near Las Cruces. Partly further west from
Las Cruces. Knows the area!
Now I understand better. (Discussion of UFO entities: precise,
intelligent, persistent, consistent and clean.) Even in the ship, the cow
or calf -yearling seemed clean. (Discussion of values and control of
UFO entities; masses seemed “mindless” robots. They were different
sizes, shapes, different faces and skin like Asians. No dark skin, no one
was fat or fleshy in face; different colored robots with rough and coarse
garment like burlap, which didn’t seem efficient - seemed bulky to keep
them warm?
SPRINKLE:	(Suggestions to recall events which seem puzzling or
unclear.)
MOTHER:	I see all kinds of images and flashes. I hear myself screaming. My son doesn’t make another sound. I see round balls of fire bouncing against each other. I see lines, like blue lines of electricity, over and over again, in front of my face. They shoot something down my throat after I have my boots and sweater on. They want me to stand up and I can’t. I tell myself that I can. I'm hurting and hating.
It’s like, ‘If you don’t behave, we have your boy. ’ They’re subtle,
always. A paradox - maybe not. They hold my mouth open and
shoot this stuff down my throat. Like a hypodermic needle for cattle.
Pain goes away. I feel like I could float to the ceiling. They walk me
quickly back to the trestle, to walkways, a generator, pools of water
with submerged things; going further down and I don’t seem to be worried 
about my son. Yukky - but at the same time, a release from pain.
I climb stairs for a short while; everything seems alike, the cylinder.
Go up in elevator; don’t feel anything. Eyes open, but I feel that I’m
floating. They’re all smiling at me inside, asking if I understand that
it was an accident. ‘Sure, OK. ’
A hangar, voices so different when they talk to each other -flat monotone. When they talk to me, I can tell which one is talking low voices.
And there’s the car! The whole car is in the ship! They took my whole
car! We get put in the same ship. My son’s right behind me. We went
through a tunnel underground like a maze. Very few people and all the
machinery. Back in the Mother Ship: it’s not as small - it’s bigger
ship, control panel. Two of the taller men are on the ship. My son
and I lie down on the table together; white lights over my eyes again.
Rocking motion. And they had us get in the car on the ship. No, wait a
minute. I didn’t get in, but my son did. We got very close to the ground
and then I got in the car. I was disoriented, but I was euphoric. I was
pleased. The ride back was like that - snap! (Snapped fingers.) I
wasn’t asleep.
The last thing I remember was the lights coming to the windshield.
They lowered the ship, I got in the car. My son is in it and I don’t
know how they did it. Just (bump) on the ground - not heavy, not
hard. Lots of blue light all around. Where’s Roswell, New Mexico?
Whew! I’m not supposed to remember, but I know!”
SPRINKLE:	(Suggestions to return to normal conscious state; discussion
of car, fuses were blown; tires have gone flat; sister Nancy is
upset. Pain was seen as a conditioning process.)

NOTES BY DR. SPRINKLE FROM
CONVERSATION AFTER HYPNOSIS:

“They” followed Mother and Son home. Henry was there and saw Mother
Ship. It was 1:15 a.m.; should have been home by 9:00 or 9:30 p.m. Feeling
that initial flight was “long”, but only a few seconds to return as if to confuse her. Feeling that lights, (electric) shock were used to confuse or erase memories.
Weighed 123 pounds, May 3, 1980; two weeks later, weighed 107 pounds.
Another week, from 107 pounds to 113 pounds. Son got appetite back in two
weeks and gained six pounds. Their sleep was hard, like a “rock.” Next morning, Mother didn’t wake at 6:00 a.m. Slept until 8:30 a.m., horrified to be late to work. Henry “knew” something was wrong because of the “loss of time” experience. Henry said that she looked to be in shock, face white. Suggested Mother report experience to police, etc. Two weeks earlier, Mother and Nancy and Henry saw lights over the mountains.
Discussion of son, his reactions and his part in experience: “a threat” to
Mother? Encounter was an accident, mistake in picking them up, but the rest was “known” by them when Mother was not under control. Remembers moment of excitement when looking out windows and recognizing area. Puzzle about the situation, reactions of entities and attempts to confuse Mother. Twenty minutes, not longer than thirty minutes, between entering ships and seeing the mesas, sunset and area. Altitude of 3000 feet because of shape and height of mesa.
10:21 p.m. (Suggestions to relax and recall impressions of son that are different?  And “control” by UFOLK.) They mean to control Earth, but maybe they don’t treat everyone like Mother was treated. Hopes to help others, but how? Who will believe her? Mother feels programmed, but has fought hard at times to deal with UFOLK. Dream of “mind control” over Earth plus “threat” of loss of mind or loss of son. Feeling of fear over the “thoughts” that were beamed to her about her own suicide. Uncle killed himself last February; brother-in-law killed himself in 1977. Doesn’t want to kill herself, but attempted it. Also felt strange about no conscious memory of the drugs used. Concern about Earth’s plight!
10:33 p.m. - Stopped recorder to discuss concern about situation. Discussion of Roswell (or Las Cruces?) underground river, 3,000 feet? How does Mother know the area was Roswell? Was the impression “Roswell area” programmed? Or physically real?

JUNE 3. 1980 4:05 P.M. -
FURTHER HYPNOSIS WTTH MOTHER:

MOTHER:	I can see my son running toward me. I can see what he’s wearing:
t-shirt, good western jeans, tennis shoes, normal clothes. He jumps at
me. I hold him. They separate us. I can see their faces, huge eyes, thin
little noses. Some have evil eyes, no pupils, nothing in their eyes. I got
away from them at some point. I’m looking down at pools of water.
Something is horrifying me.
SPRINKLE:	Focus on the pools.
MOTHER:	I can't see what it is. Not sure. Seems to be body parts. (Breathes quickly.)
SPRINKLE:	Body parts?
MOTHER:	Oh, yeah!
SPRINKLE:	What do you see?
MOTHER:	Top of a bald head. Light is dim. My eyes are so bad. I think I see an arm with the hand - it’s human! Other (gasping) something red and
bloody looking. Oh, God! I’m so scared at seeing this. Ahh! Tongues,
huge; they look real big. They’re under liquid, real dark; edge of container seems to be green metal, don’t know how deep it is. Edge seems
sharp. They found me, but when they found me, I was in the corner
on the floor crying. I don’t know if this was before they take me to that
room - I think it is before. Yeah, it is. It’s before. Because they are
dragging me. Doesn’t take much; they are so huge, but I drag my feet.
I’m not cooperative. This is so weird! All kinds of things in that tank;
horrified me and made me sick and frightened me to death. Something
horrible in there. Same smell that I had smelled before. Can’t identity it. SPRINKLE:	Be aware.
MOTHER:	I’m trying! It’s not - I almost had it, but I don’t. Not totally
repulsive or repugnant, just enough to flex your nostrils a bit. Like a
faint gassy odor. I remember it. Taste in my throat is bile. I think I’m
going to die or pass out or both. I remember after the trestle, one man
moved aside and I ran. I resisted a whole lot. I fought them every way
I knew. Must have made them mad. I don’t think this place where
I’m looking down - these are body parts! Some are internal organs
and some are not. Like a separate cavern; that’s where I went through
the tunnel to get to this ...A smaller room than the cavern that’s so
immense. I’m backing up fast away to the corner where they find me.
SPRINKLE:	Any explanation?
MOTHER:	No, I think they’re loathsome. I don’t want an explanation. I’m
frightened. Being dragged, literally, with my feet planted. I know there
is no sense in resisting, but I continue to do it. Their eyes! Some look
like they’ll burn holes through you. I think I did get sick.
SPRINKLE:	Vomited?
MOTHER:	Yes. I think that freaked them out - they didn’t know what it was.
I don’t throw up easily. It’s what’s in that thing (pool): hearts, body
parts, but not all cow. I look at the top of a bald head, maybe one of
theirs. Oh, God!
SPRINKLE:	Any impression of smell or purpose of the parts?
MOTHER:	I don’t think I wanted to know, so horrified and sick. I didn’t care to know.
SPRINKLE:	That was the other mystery?
MOTHER:	That bald head is one of theirs, I think. Everything looks so large under that liquid. It looks this large (hands two feet apart). I feel like
this is never going to end.
SPRINKLE:	The experience?
MOTHER:	Everything. I remember more all of the time and it scares me. Some
have bare feet. I don’t know why I remember that. Maybe I don’t
know why I ran, what purpose? I ran. I was concerned about these
alterations.
SPRINKLE:	Is that the word?
MOTHER:	Alterations ... no, no, I’m not going to talk about them.
SPRINKLE:	Relax and describe significance of alterations.
MOTHER:	Oh! I don’t want to talk about him again ever. Let it die, let it rest.
I’ve had enough. Alterations - the word ‘necessary alterations’ in
order to take me back. The torture, the experiment - I think to a large
degree, (I was) a specimen of which they had not gotten before.
SPRINKLE:	You were different?
MOTHER:	Yes.
SPRINKLE:	Do you know how you are different?
MOTHER:	No, except maybe I fought more.
SPRINKLE:	Anything else?
MOTHER:	Some of the faces I see around me, when I’m in the thing like a box, some of them are humanoid-looking.
SPRINKLE:	Box?
MOTHER:	It started out a table I was lying on. Then they raised something on
the sides, headboard and footboard and something between me and my
son. Not real narrow - pretty big actually. I can remember spinning
round and round; don’t know if I was spinning or it was the pain.
Mostly I see the faces with big eyes, big men, at least three of them. I
want to leave it behind me now. I want to walk away from it now.
SPRINKLE:	(Suggestions to recall details of the experience.)
MOTHER:	I don’t think there is. I feel like I finally went through it all. Even the running and hiding, which made them mad. They didn’t talk much after that. At first, they were sorry and I talked with them about their books, Ray Bradbury, cattle. One thing about the cattle - I can smell burning hair.
SPRINKLE:	Other impressions?
MOTHER:	No, those probably were cattle parts I was looking at that were so
large, except for that one arm; I don’t know where it came from. And
the top of that head. So large, they were recessed into the ground into
another place. I don’t know. Smell was sickly sweet, thick. I can’t
place it. May have reminded me of something. Reminds me of pickled
pigs feet, although not that good. Pickled! Oh, God!
SPRINKLE:	What did you think about?
MOTHER:	Sick! Horrified! Scared! Wondered if that was where I was going? Or where they were going! I was horrified. They were big tanks. I was crying.
SPRINKLE:	Were you worried about being pickled? Food?
MOTHER:	I don’t know. But one of them was in there. God! Surely they don’t
eat each other. I wish I had looked in all the tanks. But they weren’t
far behind me; I was backing up, cornered, and I know it. I can see
myself so clearly. It’s OK now. I’d just like to come home.

AFTER HYPNOSIS SESSION:

Discussion of impressions of the tank, animal parts: tongues, hearts,
top of the head, arm; memory of sitting on ground, knees drawn up, crying. ‘They were being calm and gentle, but I didn’t trust them. Hoping
that it’s the end of the adventure. Feeling of knowing the sequence.’
Recalling of son’s clothing that he had on that night; church clothing;
feels good. Described impulse to run away, knowing that it would do no
good; they dragged one of their feet, didn’t run. Seemed as if each foot was dragged behind the other foot.
Discussed the bald head; feeling that the face would be seen if
looking from the side. Fluid as circulating. That’s why the parts drifted
up and away. Beauty treatment? Sustenance? Edges of tank are sharp, like
the edge of a tin can. There may have been rooms below or the tank was
recessed into the (ground). Didn’t seem to be “food”, but some kind of
“treatment.” Wonders about the number of tanks and the purpose. Worries
about the experience and the repetition of the memories. Wonders about
the punishment of the little men? Feels that some of the experience was
an experiment? Testing that continues? Wonders if the end result is to seek them out. Puzzles about the whole situation.



Appendix 14

Houston KTRH NewsRadio Interview with Robert Emenegger
about UFO Landing at Holloman AFB, New Mexico,
Re-broadcast Thanksgiving Day, 1976

TRANSCRIPT:	“OPERATION UFO SEARCH”, a radio interview on
Houston’s KTRH NewsRadio between host Frank Haley and
Grey Advertising writer, Robert Emenegger, Los Angeles.
This rebroadcast of an earlier taped interview was heard in
Houston, Texas, on Thanksgiving Day, November 1976.
HALEY:	Hello, my name is Frank Haley. This is “Operation UFO
Search.” On today’s program, we are going to re-play an
interview with a man we had as a guest on the program probably 
two or two and a half years ago and we’re doing this for
several reasons. First of all, because it’s a holiday and most of
you will be gathering around the dinner table or getting ready
for the Thanksgiving meal. And also because it is rather difficult 
to get people to do live interviews on holidays. And also
because this particular interview will be with Bob Emenegger,
a man who researched the book and screenplay on the subject
of UFOs and it is called, UFOS: Past, Present and Future (©
1974). It is this program, the TV version of it, that is going to
be shown tomorrow in Houston on Channel 13. I’m not sure
of the time, but I think it is four o’clock, possibly four-thirty,
but you can check your newspaper TV listings for that.
So I thought it might be interesting to listen to Bob
Emenegger, get him to kind of bring you up to date on why he
even went to the trouble he and his associates did to produce
this screenplay and television version. It has now been put into
a book. And from all the research and reading and conversation 
on the subject over the last several years, this particular
book UFOs: Past, Present and Future (© 1974) - which obviously
includes past sightings and what’s going on now and future
projections on the subject - probably has the best collection
of photos and stories on the UFO subject.
And he will tell you in the interview in a few minutes where
he gathered his information and why he got into it, and I
think you’ll notice from his slowness in his speech and also in
the slowness of his delivery and the very choice of his words,
that he is a little astounded by a lot of the information that
he found and it probably boggled his mind, too. He was not
into UFOs, was just a public relations man and ad man and
suddenly fell into this subject and worked on it for a couple
of years. So we’ll listen to that interview. We won’t take
phone calls today. The interview itself will be pre-recorded.
I apologize for the quality of the tape. It has a hum on it and
if you have a radio that you can turn your treble up and turn
the bass off, that might help a little bit. But you will be able
to understand Bob Emenegger and his commentary in the
interview here in just a moment on “Operation UFO Search.”
(Commercial Break)
EMENEGGER:	I got involved in it... I was contacted through a producer who is a close
friend of mine, Allan Sandler, and was kind of presented some information 
that I would say came from... within ...a branch of our government.
And I personally had no real interest in UFOs before that. My wife
was quite interested and I always thought it was sort of a fantasy that
everyone would like very much for something like that to exist. But I put
no credence in it.
HALEY:	In essence, you were an ad man then, right?
EMENEGGER:	Well, I have, uh, done... documentaries and films before. And... but
basically I, my job has been working with large corporations, sort of image
building and that sort of thing. So my background was not at all in UFOs.
HALEY:	In other words, no interest to study or writing about it or anything?
EMENEGGER No, I never have been involved in that before.
HALEY:	All right, now you’ve written a book that we mentioned, UFOs:
Past, Present and Future. How were you contacted or what got
you off on the track of unidentified flying objects?
EMENEGGER:	Well, I was presented with some kind of startling information, at least
it was to me. And I was in the process of working with a producer on a
series of about five specials that were, I guess, showing - I guess the objective 
was to show the - oh, the advanced research and development side of
the military. And during some of our meetings and looking for material,
we were presented with some kind of, I thought, startling information.
When you say something comes from within the government, you ... the
government is made up of hundreds of people and departments that really
one department doesn’t necessarily know what the other one knows.
HALEY:	Right.
EMENEGGER:	So, the way became open to us to pursue the, this particular ... what it
was, was supposedly an incident at Holloman Air Force Base that might
have been a contact made there. I didn’t think much about it one way
or another, but the ways were opened up. So we began to work totally
with the cooperation of the Department of Defense. All the material was
closely checked with them and they, through them, the limits, the parameters 
that were set for the book... by the way it originally wasn’t a book.
It was originally a television special which is at last going to start airing
and I’ll tell you about that...
HALEY:	All right.
EMENEGGER:	So, the book was a more detailed study and it took about two years to prepare. 
But the material was... uh, the parameters that were set up were that
we would work only with Air Force - the past heads of Project BLUE
BOOK and I suppose your listeners may or may not know what Project
BLUE BOOK is. If you think they don’t, I could give them a little ...
HALEY:	We have mentioned that many times. That was, of course, the
Air Force’s study, which finally closed the proverbial book on
the situation.
EMENEGGER'	Right, that lasted from a period of about 1947, 1948 to about 1969
and closed the book and very happily. They were very ... they weren’t
pleased that they were, had to be involved in... in that kind of research.
Because there were no, their job was to, they only had one job and that
was to determine whether or not it was, as your listeners probably know
- if it was a threat to national security. It was quite a side light to the
whole thing - any explanation of what it might be. That really wasn’t
their intention at all, just...
HALEY:	They were just looking at national security?
EMENEGGER:	That was in fact the conclusion of Project BLUE BOOK or when the
Condon committee closed the report. That was one of the main points,
they re-affirmed it, that it appeared not to be a threat to national security.
HALEY:	I see, OK.
EMENEGGER:	So, I worked also then through the military. I met Allen Hynek and from
Hynek, Bob Friend who was head of Project BLUE BOOK through a
particular period... Quintanilla Hector, Colonel Quintanilla*... worked
with...
* Major Hector Quintanilla, U.S. Air Force, headed Project Blue Book from August 1963
until its termination in 1969. USAF Lietenant Colonel Robert Friend headed
Project Blue Book from October 1958 to August 1963.
HALEY:	Well, Friend was the former head of Project Blue Book,
wasn’t he?
EMENEGGER:	Yes.
HALEY:	Do you know where he is now?
EMENEGGER:	Yes, I do. I talked to him just last week.
HALEY:	OK, well then ...
EMENEGGER:	Then also, Al Chop - he was the first Pentagon spokesman on the subject
of UFOs. He was the information head at the Pentagon way back in the
early 1950s. So he had quite a bit of personal information, personal files.
I really worked from their personal files, the personal Blue Book files...
HALEY:	Now, where did you do that? In Washington?
EMENEGGER:	I did most of the work out here (Los Angeles). I took, along with Allan
Sandler, the producer - I did go to the Pentagon on a couple of occasions
to go over the script in detail, which was the agreement that if we said
anything that wasn’t accurate, or that needed some uh, wasn’t correct,
we said we would be happy to delete it. So we went over it paragraph by
paragraph and we straightened around some facts - we tried to present a
very open and objective picture of it.
HALEY:	Do you have any knowledge about why the government contacted 
you specifically?
EMENEGGER:	You know, I should make something very clear. And I would not want to
mislead you that I was quote ‘contacted’ by the government. As I said before, 
the government is made up of lots of people in all kinds of echelons
and so is the military. And through some other work that we were involved
in, some conversations got off on the subject of UFOs. But frankly that
was so fascinating and also uh, well, that led into ...
HALEY:	So somebody didn’t come to you from a quote ‘branch’ of the
government and say, ‘We want you to do this screen play and
then this book?’
EMENEGGER:	Absolutely not. Number one, the government does not work that way.
Secondly, the government does not have, does not fund its own public relations 
...so what we were really, as I said to begin with, the project was to
show what we were doing in research and development like on the Naval
cancer research that’s back in Washington; and they have a porpoise
program in San Diego; and they’re doing some dog training; and they’re
doing holography that’s 3-dimensional objects that appear in space. And
we got into all of that. But frankly, the UFO thing was so fascinating
that we pursued that. And put it into a special...
HALEY:	All right...
EMENEGGER:	I don’t know if that gives you a...
HALEY:	Well, I’m wondering if you had much difficulty getting ...
then would you say the initiative for starting the book came
out of your mind?
EMENEGGER:	I think so, yes, and, and to be frank with you, Frank...
HALEY:	That’s what I’d like you to be, Bob.
EMENEGGER:	Uh, right ...you know, ideas that are placed in your mind or with anybody 
in conversation, I suppose that if they are stimulating enough, they
take hold. And, I think that was the way it happened. It was really being
presented with something. It could have just as well died right there. But it
was, there was enough what I considered to be startling information that I
thought it was worth pursuing.
HALEY:	Do you want, for our listener’s benefit, to go into a little detail
on the Holloman incident?
EMENEGGER-	Well, yes, I can tell you uh, generally at least - in the book I presented it,
but it was, it is quite - 1 think the responsible way to put it is that this
is something that could have happened, or it may have happened. I’d say
there was some evidence that something did happen at Holloman. Now, I
say this and this happened some time in the early 1970s and it appears
that some sort of vehicle touched down there.
HALEY:	And Holloman is where?
EMENEGGER:	In New Mexico, south of Alamogordo, White Sands, around in that area.
Now the thing that I can speak openly about - this was something that
we did, we had a lot of discussions about through the military - we were
trying to check names and dates. They did give us the carte blanche to go
down to Holloman AFB and look and ask and shoot a sequence down
there. So they were really being quite cooperative. And it was something like
looking for a needle in a haystack, to tell you the truth. So, in the book, as I
said, I put it as it might have happened. And then followed...
HALEY:	Well, are you in your own mind positive whether or not this
incident happened at Holloman?
EMENEGGER:	I’ll tell you, something did happen - because, not to mention I don’t
want to drag in people who are, are still uh, connected with government
work, but apparently there was, as in the book, I said there was film shot
- about eight hundred feet of film - shot of whatever this, these three
vehicles - one of them that landed. I do know that film was around for
awhile. I never quite got, we never quite got our hands on it, but I know
it was taken back to the Pentagon and that was confirmed back there. But
the response internally was sort of ‘Well, no one would quite understand,
you know, what it meant or what it really was. ’
HALEY:	Were you ever able to talk to anyone who could describe what
the film looked like?
EMENEGGER:	Oh, yes, sure, yes.
HALEY:	What did it show, according to witnesses that you talked to?
EMENEGGER:	Well, apparently - and again I'm not saying something that apparently
custodians to whoever these visitors were. Now the thing is that in the last
analysis, we have to be very careful. It could be that this was terrestrial,
but there were indications that it may have not been. That it might have
been one of the first of these contacts.
HALEY:	And what year was this supposed to have happened?
EMENEGGER:	In the early 1970s. [April 25, 1964, is allegedly correct date.]
HALEY:	In the early ‘70s. So right recently? [Original Emenegger radio
interview November 1974.]
EMENEGGER:	Yes, this is fairly recently. Now the thing is just so that everything is open
and above board, there has been correspondence with the Department of
Defense asking about the names of some of these people and, for instance,
if you asked them, they would acknowledge, ‘Yes, they tried to do a search
for certain names and came up with nothing. ’ I’ll tellyou, it’s a very
interesting thing trying to trace anything down inside of the bureaucracy.
One or two men may know something and if you don’t ask the right questions 
to the right person, you’ll never know.
HALEY:	They don’t fill in the blanks for you.
EMENEGGER:	Pardon?
HALEY:	They don’t fill in the blanks for you, then?
EMENEGGER:	Well, that isn’t really their job. And also, I’d say half the people you may
talk to might know absolutely nothing about what you’re talking about.
I think there are very few people left in the military right now that know
much about UFOs, anyway. Most of them have retired.
HALEY:	Let me ask you a question about a person that I don’t know
anything about, but I’ve been trying to find someone who
knows something about him. And the person’s name is
Alphonso Lorenzo. Have you ever heard of him?
EMENEGGER:	Yes, I wonder where you got his name?
HALEY:	Well, I have some sources. What can you tell me about him?
EMENEGGER:	(Laughs.) That’s interesting that you would even come up with that name.
HALEY:	Interesting name.
EMENEGGER:	Yes.
HALEY:	What is the story about Alphonso Lorenzo?
EMENEGGER:	Uh, did I ever, I don’t remember ever mentioning him to you?
HALEY:	No, you didn’t.
EMENEGGER:	Well, the only person I mentioned it to outside of the people I worked with
is probably Ralph Blum, but I don’t know if he even quite remembered
what it was.
HALEY:	Well, wasn’t there some tie in with this man and the
Holloman incident?
EMENEGGER:	Yes.
HALEY:	What do you know about it?
EMENEGGER:	Uh, well... I know the man exists.
HALEY:	Do you know where he is?
EMENEGGER Not right now, I don’t.
HALEY:	I don’t think anybody else does either. He sort of dropped out
of sight, hasn’t he?
EMENEGGER Yeah, that’s right.
HALEY:	What’s the story about Mr. Lorenzo? Was he present at the
Holloman incident?
EMENEGGER:	Yes.
HALEY:	Was he a witness or something?
EMENEGGER:	He was more than that.
HALEY:	How much more was he?
EMENEGGER:	I think he had a first hand involvement, if this is all true. You understand,
I wouldn’t want any listener to go out and say, ‘My God, it’s absolutely
true that they are here’... and, you know. You have to keep it in some
perspective. Think of it as it’s possible that this has happened.
HALEY:	Right...
EMENEGGER:	But, uh, he was one of the few people that uh, that I believe knows a
great deal about his. His name no longer exists in most military records,
but I’ve seen it on inter-off ce memos, so I know it existed.
HALEY:	From military inter-office memos?
EMENEGGER:	Yeah.
(Commercial break)
HALEY:	This is Thanksgiving Day from News Talk Radio for the Gulf
Coast, KTRH in Houston. My name is Frank Haley and we’re
listening to an interview that was conducted possibly two and
a half years ago here on this program with Bob Emenegger,
author of a book called UFOs: Past, Present, and Future, and
we’re discussing at this portion of the interview Alphonso
Lorenzo and the alleged landing of a craft at Holloman Air
Force Base. Incidentally, this TV version of this program,
“Operation UFO, or Operation UFOs: Past, Present and
Future” will be seen tomorrow on Channel 13 in the afternoon 
and I think the time is around four o’clock, maybe four
thirty. You can check your listings for it, but the story that he is
telling here in the interview will be dramatized and recreated
for the television tomorrow afternoon. And we continue the
interview now with Robert Emenegger.
EMENEGGER:	(Continuing from Haley’s question:	From military inter-office
memos?)
Yeah. And also, he was checked, it was requested to our, our, we had an
officer who coordinated all of our projects in Washington and he, uh, tried
to locate the man and called back frustrated and said, ‘I’ll tell you, no one
acknowledges even the existence of this man. ‘ The only thing I do know
is that his name (laughs) ... I’ve seen it.
HALEY:	Well, apparently he did exist at one time, huh?
EMENEGGER:	I, uh, I, and very possibly still does. But not down in this area	(Houston,
Texas), as far as I know. I’m sort of surprised to have you even mention
that name. As far as I’m concerned, there are very few people who even
know that particular name.
HALEY:	Well, the name now has been heard up and down half of
Texas and all of Mexico, so maybe somebody will kick over a
stone and find Alphonzo Lorenzo.
EMENEGGER	... but that was an alias doing particular projects at that time... and it
just turned into a strategic base... it could be that that was an alias, * but I don’t see why.
* An alias perhaps for Guillermo Mendoza. Seepages 145-146.
HALEY:	Do you know anything else about that particular man that
you can tell us?
EMENEGGER:	Well, only his personal characteristics.
HALEY:	What was he doing at Holloman AFB? What was his assignment 
there?
EMENEGGER:	He was a research, electronic researcher. Some people felt that he was in
biological research. There was a ... have chimpanzees and monkeys that
they test on the test bed. I thought he might be associated with that, but
I believe he was with advanced electronics research. That’s, that was his
title anyway.
(Commercial Break)
HALEY:	Dr. J. Allen Hynek, we’ve talked to Carl Sagan, people who
have worked closely on this strange phenomenon for a number
of years and we keep getting the same kind of answers about,
when you ask the question: what are these strange objects, are
they really things operating in the atmosphere? And my question 
to you would be: After your study and your involvement
with the Department of Defense in doing the research for this
screen play and the book, in your own mind, do you think that
there are solid craft or solid objects operating in the Earth’s
atmosphere that appear to be under intelligent control... but
we really don’t know who they are?
EMENEGGER OK, as long as this is just purely speculation, uh, I, I kind of I, I have
begun, this is the way I feel. I, there seems to be different degrees of
advancement from what phenomenena have been described and seen and
what impressions have been left on the ground. And it seems like the, it
... it seems as if there are extraterrestrials, uh, some of them, the ones
that are unexplained. And they seem to range from what I would guess
technologically ahead of us maybe no more than fifty or one hundred years
to possibly thousands of years.
I know J. Allen Hynek and he and I were sitting somewhere in
Washington once in a motel room and, uh, we were discussing he almost
felt that some of the things were not only extraterrestrial, but they were
something more, more, uh, advanced than that. They almost would seem
to materialize and de-materialize out of extra-dimensional. In other
words, that if they were another (higher) frequency that lowered themselves 
to a slower frequency and would appear in our Earth realm ...
because of the description of how when they disappeared they would leave
a snapping sound like all the atoms would pop.
HALEY:	Yeah.
EMENEGGER:	But I have a feeling that each planet, just like when you plant corn or
plant any vegetables or anything it has a certain period when it comes
into, where it will provide growth, depending upon how far you are from
the sun and if there is the presence of moisture and uh, all of the right
elements are there ... uh, life will spring up. And there is no reason to
believe that it just sprang up on one little dirty planet out in one universe,
you know. For instance, down in, to be specific, I don’t know how much
you want to go into it, but when ...
HALEY:	Go into it as deeply as you can.
EMENEGGER:	Well, when I went to, down to New Mexico and talked with Lonnie
Zamora - it’s kind of a classic case, a sheriff detective who went up over
a hill to pursue what he thought was an overturned car. As he got close
to it, he thought he saw an overturned car and got closer and finally saw
that it was a football-shaped object [vertically] on four pods. He saw a
pair of legs underneath. He phoned in and I talked to Mike, who was the
operator - still down there in the police station. He was there when the
call came in from this Lonnie Zamora, and Zamora was very hysterical
and said, ‘My God, there’s something out here!’ There happened to be an
FBI man on, present at the time. He was not on duty, but he was a friend
of the police department.
There happened to be an FBI man on, present at the time. He was not on
duty, but he was a friend of the police department. They got up there in
about a minute or so and they confirmed what Lonnie Zamora had seen,
which was an object that set itself down, left four very strong pod marks.
There were some oval footprints. Now, I got all of this out of the, let me
think whose file that was, Quintanilla’s, I believe, Colonel Quintanilla
[Project Bluebook]. And, in fact, it was the most mysterious, unsolved
case for him in his whole history. But, anyway, there were oval footprints
left and they could determine the weight of these, whoever they were, they
determined the weight of the craft. When the craft took off, it blasted off
and left a smoldering bush that the FBI man and the radio operator saw.
They were still smoldering. Well, Colonel Quintanilla took them to the
Air Material Lab - some of the samples of the burnt bush - and they
came back and said there was no propellant residue. In other words, there
wasn’t kerosene present. Now, we don’t, most of our propellants leave a
residue. So there was no trace of it, meaning that it was something like
fusion, possibly. Do you know what I mean?
HALEY:	Yeah.
EMENEGGER:	A form of energy like plasma. That whatever these objects blasted off
with, is not fuel as we know it. Now, I know that... I believe very
strongly that Lonnie Zamora saw the object, that the pod marks were there
and the Air Force investigators - it really puzzled, I got to tell you, it
really puzzled Hector Quintanilla, Colonel Quintanilla. He just, he had
a very hard time accepting the fact that he couldn’t explain away most of
these sightings. But this one just, you know, I don’t know if you know
about it, but he was a very hard-nosed, good military man. He was a
good intelligence officer. In fact, he’s down in Texas with you, but I’m not going to tell you where, he doesn’t want to be hounded.
HALEY:	(Laughs.) Well, if you tell me, I’ll hound him.
EMENEGGER	(Laughs.) Right! I don’t think any of them want any more. But Hector, I
think, would confirm that something happened there. He will not admit to
the fact that it might have been extraterrestrial, but from all the evidence
there is no explanation for it. An object landed, took off and displayed,
uh, displayed its propellant and what not in a way that we just don’t have
that kind of thing. Especially not in the mid-60s [April 24, 1964, the
night before the alleged Holloman AFB landing of ETs], We didn’t have
anything like that. And still don’t, as far as I know.
HALEY:	What about the intra-terrestrial theory? Are they looking in
that area?
EMENEGGER:	Uh, are you speaking of other, uh, totally of this Earth?
HALEY:	Right. Not being from other planets, but somehow or other
involved with this planet.
EMENEGGER Yes, that’s an interesting possibility and 1 don’t want to speculate too
much about that, the, sometimes, you know, you can speculate that nothing
would throw a country into more of a turmoil than say an object landing 
and not having and believing that it might be extraterrestrial. And
whoever might control that, or lead the majority of people to believe that
that was a fact they would certainly have something psychological, like a
psychological weapon over most anybody, right?
HALEY:	Right, I think so.
(Commercial Break)
HALEY:	Have you done any investigating into UFO sightings in the
state of Utah?
EMENEGGER:	(Laughs.) No. uh, I don’t know why you brought up Utah. You must have
some reason for it.
HALEY:	Well, there’s a book out actually by a man who had done an
extensive amount of study just in that area and there is an
area called the Uintah Basin and has had a tremendously large
number of all kinds of sightings, a strange thing, lights in the
sky and what appear to be craft and what have you.
EMENEGGER The one reason that I mentioned Utah is that, uh, there is a missile space
there, or testing base that at one time we thought maybe the object that had
come down to Holloman might have been an experimental craft launched
from there. But when I sat with Bob Friend one breakfast time, he said
that he was in charge of that particular - or at least one of the men in
charge - of the launching of things during that period and he said there
was nothing launched from that area up in Utah. Also, there were some
hints about your old friend Alphonzo ...
HALEY:	(Laughs.)
EMENEGGER	      ... associated with that area. Those are the only two areas I know about
that he’s associated with.
HALEY:	All right. It appears that you got a lot of information, or
you’ve seen a lot of information, which you are kind of
hesitant to talk about. I guess there is a lot of information that
our people in the Pentagon and the Defense Department and
other areas know about. Are they, do they not want to release
this to the public? Do they ...?
EMENEGGER:	Oh, I think they are quite open to wanting to release things. I think that if
you ever questioned them that in all sincerity and all honesty they would
say, ‘You know you are welcome to know anything that we know. ’ I think
as of this date, there is not as much information hidden away in the
corners to, as the public might think.
HALEY:	Well, now isn’t it true that when you go to get copies of some
of the reports out of Blue Book that when you look at these
copies of the reports, the names are all deleted?
EMENEGGER I, uh, I didn’t find any names deleted, frankly. I found that they were
deleted in, in what you, the report that was put out to the public, if that’s
what you mean. Is that what you are referring to?
HALEY:	Well, I’ve talked to some writers who have actually gone
and tried to dig into the records and they’ll get copies of the
records, but the names of military personnel and witnesses
involved have either been removed or were recently removed
in the original transcripts.
EMENEGGER:	There was a reason for it, and that was really to provide a protection for the
witnesses. I really believe it was not done so, to keep information from the
public, but really to keep those names confidential for the witnesses’ sake.
HALEY:	All right, now, the Holloman incident supposedly happened
in the early 1970s - if we can assume that it did happen. Do
you know whether or not there have been other such contacts?
Are they still going on as far as you know?
EMENEGGER-	That is, that is the only one that I have heard any strong reference to ...
(distortion of audio on tape) ... that have been recovered and stored away
in the third floor basement.
HALEY:	Yeah.
EMENEGGER But that was brought out almost laughingly, you know. I, uh, someone
down in Texas or Florida, some professor...
HALEY:	His name is Robert Carr.
EMENEGGER:	Right.
HALEY:	He’s in Florida.
EMENEGGER Yeah, I, I don’t know, I imagine his intentions are good, but I think...
when he makes statements like that, he sure better have some documented
evidence. I was talking with Ralph Blum when he went to some convention 
down there and he was going to host it and he said at that time that
Robert Carr was going to tell the world about proof - that the story
about the twelve little bodies. Well, I waited for my fiend Ralph to call
me. I was really curious, but I felt he would not come up with anything
and I have not heard any response so far. So, I don’t know. But I felt that
story had been around for a long time and people were almost laughing
and joking about it.
HALEY:	Well, do you think our government, our scientists and so forth
and other governments around the world - since this phenomenon is worldwide, not just seen in this country - do you
think anyone really knows what it is?
EMENEGGER:	I really, you know, our, our project working with Allan Sandler, had taken
this also and we had some cooperation with Russia. And, uh, they were
quite interested in the phenomenon, but it’s not talked about openly now. I
had one document that we had translated - it was about the last document 
to come out of Russia and they were just as interested as we are. But
the government - I had the feeling that it was not worthy of the research,
just as I think the Air Force felt that they would just rather not bother
with it. I don’t think anybody really knows. I think something happened
at Holloman, there were people involved with that, who do know, and
they are quite aware of what, what it meant and all the implications and
that’s the only thing that, the only possibility that I know if you call it
government knowing. The government is so huge, I wouldn’t think there
is anybody in the government, one person that would know anything. Or
know everything.
(Commercial Break)
HALEY:	With me on the line from his home in California. He wrote a
screen play or researched a screen play and has written a book
following that called UFOs: Past, Present and Future. It goes into
some interesting detail on the history from cases from about
1947, the Mantell case, all the way up to the late 1960s and
early 1970s, the Coyne case out of Ohio	(Lawrence Coyne)
in which his helicopter was approached by that (UFO) object.
Bob, do you think the looking into the phenomenon of unidentified 
flying objects, do you think it is worthwhile? Should
scientists even look in that direction?
EMENEGGER:	You know, that’s a difficult question. If Allen Hynek were sitting with me
now, I would say ‘Absolutely!’
HALEY:	Well, of course.
EMENEGGER:	(Laughs.) I talked to Jacques Vallee who is also into research on this subject. 
These are very good scientists. And, uh, I have a feeling it reminds
me personally a little like this, and I don’t want it to sound taken the
wrong way, but it’s like I do believe the phenomenon exists; I do believe
that they are probably extraterrestrial, and it’s like in the early days when
the Earth was thought to be flat and then all of a sudden we began talking 
about it being round, all of the discussions in the world and all the
searching and searching, I think once in your mind that you accept the fact
that the world is round, you don’t need long-winded discussions nor do
you have to read about case after case to just reconfirm that same notion.
I personally believe that the phenomenon exists and that they probably are
extraterrestrial. And I’ll tell you why.
NASA cooperated with us, too, and you know that their whole thrust is to
find life on other planets. They are hoping very much to find life on Mars
and are also hoping that it might be, that we might be able to colonize it
some day. In the next eleven or twelve years, they are going to be probing
Venus and Uranus’s surface with television equipment, electronic gear and
you know, they’re hoping to find life there. I just think we’re awful close to
meeting someone half way out there.
HALEY:	Now, Carl Sagan, who is probably one of the chief - if not
THE chief spokesman on extraterrestrial life search for NASA
and his astronomy department and working very closely -
Carl Sagan will tell you that he thinks there are probably other
life forms in probably eight million or eight billion chances to
one that there are others out there. And then he immediately
says, ‘Of course, the things we see here cannot be extraterrestrial 
because it’s too far away, the distances are too far. How do
you overcome that when you’re looking at the speed of light ?’
EMENEGGER:	Well, you know, there is a lot of research going on right now in our
country and in one of our foreign friends, uh, I don’t know if you call
them our friends or what... into the mind and this instantaneous, instantaneous 
uh, viewing - without getting into another subject - there seems
to be indications that, that may not be-1 believe anyway - that what we
conceive of time, our technology and our, what we know, our scientists tell
us certain things, but each year we find out that maybe there is something
else that could refute all of that. It could be that space might be quite
instantaneous as far as...	[Music interrupted.]
HALEY:	That’s Bob Emenegger and that’s our program for this afternoon. 
Operation UFO Search. His television version of UFOs:
Past, Present and Future will be shown tomorrow on Houston
television Channel 13, the time around four o’clock. [END]



Appendix 15
March 22, 1950
FBI Memo about “Flying Saucers”


U.S. Federal Government Document 

Office Memorandum UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
TO DIRECTOR, FBI
DATE: March 22, 1950 
ROM GUY HOTTEL, SAC, WASHINGTON 
SUBJECT: FLYING SAUCERS INFORMATION CONCERNING 
An investigator for the Air forces stated that three so-callod flying saucers had been recovered in New Mexico. They were described as being circular in shape with raised centers, approximately 50 feet in disaster. Each one was occupied by three bodies of human shape but only 5  feet tall, dressed in metallic cloth of a  very fine texture. Each body was bandaged in a  manner similar to the blackout suits used by speed flyers and test pilots. According to Mr. [censored] informant, the saucers were found in New Mexico due to the fact that the Government has a very high-powered radar set-up in that area and it is believed the radar interferes with the controlling mechanism of the saucers. No further evaluation was attempted by SA [censored] concerning the
above. 
RHK:VIM RECORDED-3 62-83894-209 INDEXED-FMAR 23 195034406 51 MAR 29 1950 



Appendix 16

April 25, 1980, Letter about UFOs
from Major Donald E. Keyhoe, USMC Ret

MAJOR DONALD E. KEYHOE, USMC, Ret. 
Former Director 
National Investigations Committee On Aerial Phenomena P. O. Box 502 LURAY, VIRGINIA 22835 
April 25, 1980 

Mr. Robert L. Hastings, 
639 1/2 South Fourth Street, 
De Kalb, Illinois, 60115. 

Dear Mr. Hastings: I have examined your slide-show script on the subject of UFOs, and I  agree with your conclusions that the Air Force, the CIA and the National Security Agency have concealed the facts and falsely explained UFO sightings and radar trackings as mistakes, illusions, and hoaxes. I  do not mean that I  am condemning all the personnel in these official agencies. They are vitally important to our country, now more than ever because of the serious hazards caused by the Iranian and Soviet threats to our safety. There are -  and have been over the years  -  high officers and officials who opposed the long cover-up. But fear of causing a  public panic has forced even these officers to continue denying that UFOs are spacecraft from a  more advanced world, surveying our civilization, for unknown purposes. Behind this long secrecy has been an increasing surveillance by the aliens operating the highly superior spacecraft. But there are factors which may lead to a  forced admission by the government. Your public examination of the situation is therefore of real value in helping to prepare the public for a  long-delayed admission of the hidden truth. 
Sincerely Yours
Major Donald E. Keyhoe, USMC, Retired,



Appendix 17


Selected News Articles About Animal Mutilation Reports,
1975 to 1988


Ranchland Farm News, Simla, Colorado, August 28, 1975 

TRADGEDY. Stiffening carcass of cow belonging to Dallas Docterman lies in field after being killed and mutilated early this week. Attackers surgically removed udder and rectum. 410 


Ranchland Farm News, Simla, Colorado, August 28, 1975
Slaughter continues
Cattle mutilations continue
to plague Elbert and El Paso
County ranchers.
At press time, the most
recent slaving was that of a
3-year old cow belonging to
Dallas and Rose Mary Docterman, 
southeast of Simla. The
cow was discovered Tuesday
morning, August 26th one-
half mile from the Docterman
home. Following the pattern
of approximately 70 mutilations
in the two counties, parts of
the animal had been surgically
removed. In this case, the cow's
udder and rectum had been
neatly cut away.
Unlike most other mutilations, 
however, there was a
small pool of blood at the
carcass and about 5 other patches 
of blood that led from the
animal to a fence approximately 
200 yards away. There
were no automobile tracks at
the fence, which was in the
opposite direction of the road
and gate opening into the field.
Mrs. Docterman says that
neither she, her husbana nor
their neighbors, the A.R. Tiptons, 
had heard or seen anything 
suspicious prior to the
killing.
As with many of the other
mutilations, the stricken cow
was one of the best in the herd.
“We considered her our best
cow,” said Mrs. Docterman.
“She was young and had raised
a good calf.”
Mrs. Docterman speculated
that the cow had been killed
the night before it was discovered 
because its carcass was
still warm when she discovered
it. She also believes the cow
was either tranquilized before
death or killed instantly because 
there were no signs of i.
“thrashing around.”
In another bizarre incident
on Tuesday, the tail of a cow
was found in a phone booth in
front of Don’s Highway Motel
and Cafe in Calhan. This was
the first incident of its kind to
be reported so far.
The Docterman killing
was investigated by Elbert
County Sheriff George Yarnell,
whose county has been hardest
hit by the mutilators.

Reprinted with permission of United Press International, copyright 1989.


The Observer, New Mexico, August 23,1977 (ceased publication)

THE OBSERVER
Are cow killers from outer space?
(Editor's note: This is the third in a series of articles 
on cattle mutilations in western states. Today
's article deals with alleged UFOs and their
possible connection with the mutilations.
By VERNA SLANE
Observer Staff Writer
“It was Thursday night (Aug. 18). We were
watching the special on TV;” said a Grande
Ronde Valley resident who asked to remain
anonymous.
“About 10:35 there was some interference on
the TV, and I got up to adjust the set. I turned
and looked out the window and there was this
round light; this bright, white light in the sky. It
stayed exactly in the same place over the area at
the upper end of 12th St.
“We watched it from the porch for a while, and
it faded away. About 10 minutes later it reappeared, 
this time looking somewhat oval as
though it had turned a little on its side.”
Could this alleged UFO sighting have anything
to do with the mutilation killing of the Rayburn
heifer five days earlier?
Nancy Rayburn, in her report of the heifer
killing, had said, “The cows were ‘spooked’. They
wouldn’t let us get even close to them. They had
torn out a large section of the fence and were
scattered into the neighboring field.”
The land is flat pasture, yet one calf belonging
to the Rayburn herd has still not been found.
The Observer called the UFO Reporting Center
in Seattle.
“I have one report which might be connected
with cattle mutilations”, said Robert Gribble. “It
happened in March, 1977. There was a report of
strange, white lights on a hill east of Everett,
Wash. It was established that there was a landing
there of some kind.”
That same night, but several miles away, the
report said, a steer was mutilated. It was
discovered the next day.
A veterinarian who checked the carcass said it
was definately not predators and, he said, he
could not duplicate the mutilation with any instruments 
he knows of.
In Logan County, Colo., Sheriff Tex Graves
reports that approximately 50 per cent of the 73
documented mutilations in that area were accompanied 
by UFO sightings.
"We have seen lights”, he said, “with small
ones coming out. They do their dirty work and
return. We've watched them off and on for two
years and have photographs.”
In Union County, N.M., Deputy Leroy Howard
investigated the death of a steer belonging to
Forest Atchley. He said Atchley’s brother had
seen a bright light in the sky about 5 a.m. They
found the steer about noon the same day. It had
been mutilated, Howard said.
Fritz Thompson, reporter for the Albuquerque
Journal, who is investigating mutilations in
Colorado and New Mexico, suggested The Observer 
might like to talk to Gabe Valdez, New
Mexico State Police resident officer at Dulce.
The killing Valdez investigated occurred June
14, 1978. He said a rancher drove in to see him
that afternoon.
‘‘Something strange has happened to my cow,
the rancher told Valdez.
Valdez drove out the next morning, arriving
about 6 a.m., he said. The cow had been
mutilated in much the same manner as the
Rayburn cow, with removal of the left ear, the
tongue and lower lip, the teats, rectum and
vagina.
But, unlike other cases that have been reported,
Valdez found tracks.
“The object landed on tripods”, he said. “The
imprints made by the landing were six feet by
five feet by five and one-half feet apart. The pod
prints were 14 inches across.”
From the left side of the object, Valdez said, a
smaller tripod object had emerged with suction
cup-type pods 28 by 28 by 28 inches. Grass in
these tracks was dead.
Valdez said they showed the smaller object
chased the cow about 400 feet, did its work, and
went back.
But, Valdez said, the object had landed twice.
There were tracks, he said, on top of the tracks
made by the rancher’s truck when he discovered
the cow.


Gazette Telegraph, Colorado Springs, Colorado, September 6,1977

Cattle Mutilations, UFOs Are Talk of Logan County
By DOROTHY ALDRIDGE
GT Staff Writer
The carcasses of three mutilated 
cattle, one appearing to
have been alive when cut on,
have been investigated by the
Logan County Sheriff’s Department 
in northeastern Colorado.
The incidents, confirmed as
mutilations by investigating officers, 
brings to 76 the number
of animals that have mysteriously 
died and suffered disfigurement 
at the hands of un-
known butchers since the
scourge began in Logan County
in August 1975.
Almost nightly sightings of
unidentified flying objects have
been reported to Sheriff Harry
L. “Tex” Graves, whose policy
is to investigate anything that
might have a possible connection 
with cattle mutilations.
Deputies flying over a pasture
west of Sterling en route to investigate 
two other possible mutilations 
Aug. 20, saw a Hereford 
cow lying on its side.
Their investigation Aug. 22 revealed 
that the animals sex-
organs had been precisely removed 
along with four teats
from the udder. A large section
of hide had been peeled away
from the right front shoulder
and neck, leaving the cross
hairs untouched. Removed and
missing were glands from the
lower side of its neck, its left
eye and ear. The rectal area
had been bored out as much as
18 inches into the animal.
Officers believe the cow was
probably alive during the incident 
because it appeared to
have, tossed its head and splattered 
blood around the area.
Officers said the mutilation
appeared to have been done in
the pattern that has become
characteristic of cattle mutilations 
in some 23 states: No
tracks or clues were in the immediate 
area of the animal.
Investigated Aug. 20 north of
Sterling were the carcasses of
an Angus bull and heifer.
The bull was found in a pasture, 
the skin on its lower left
jaw peeled away and its left
ear cut off, officers said. Approximately 
a mile away, the
dead heifer was found flat on
her back in a ditch, with an 18-
inch square piece of hide removed 
from the brisket.
Residents of Logan County in
November 1976 began noting the
frequent activity of unidentified
objects, which is still continuing, 
according to Undersheriff
Jerry Wolever. At the start of
their frequent appearances, the
UFOs were generally seen between 
8 p.m. and 10 p.m., but
recently sightings have been reported 
up to 4 a.m.
From a high vantage point 30
miles west of Sterling early
Thursday, Wolever watched
UFOs flying “very low” in the
sky, he said.
“There were several of them
that kept flashing bright for a
few seconds then faded out”, he
said. “You could spot them, because 
they seemed out of place
in the sky.”


Gazette Telegraph, Colorado Springs, Colorado, October 24,1977 

ONE MORE CHAPTER IN CONTINUING MUTILATION MYSTERY 
Logan County heifer with hide cut, organs removed;  no blood, no clues 


Gazette Telegraph, Colorado Springs, Colorado, October 24,1977

Cattle Mutilation Case Number 85
Leaves Sheriff as Stumped as Ever
By DOROTHY ALDRIDGE
GT Staff Writer
A gaping hole in the chest of
a mutilated Black Angus heifer
should have spilled an appreciable 
amount of blood in the
sage brush and sand bill pasture.

The hide looked as though it
had been cut from the inside
out since the cross hairs were
not damaged. The hole was
deep enough for a man to stick
in his arm all the way up the
animal’s throat and not touch
any organs or glands. They had
all been removed.
However, Logan County Sheriff 
Harry L. “Tex” Graves
didn’t find a drop of blood on
the ground when he investigated
the two-year-old heifer’s disfigurement 
Oct. 5, only hours
after its equally mysterious
death 13 miles southeast of
Sterling, in northeast Colorado.
“The blood was still in the
critter’s body, an unusual situation 
since the mutilators generally 
remove all the blood
from an animal,” the sheriff
said.
The angus, valued at about
$400, weighed approximately 800
pounds, the sheriff said. It was
spotted by a resident of the
area driving along an infrequently 
travelled county road
100 yards from the animal.
Over his Citizens’ Band radio,
he reported the incident to the
sheriff’s department.
When Sheriff Graves arrived,
he found six head of cattle
standing near the dead angus
like a line of sentinels staring
at it - another unusual circumstance, 
he said, since in many
cases, other animals stay clear
of a cattle mutilation victim.
Severed with surgical precision 
was the animal’s left eye,
left ear, half of its tongue,
upper left lip, part of its nose
and three teats from the udder.
Exposed were bones of the
chest cavity which didn’t appear 
to have been entered.
“Generally, the mutilators remove 
the rectal area, and
sometimes the reproductive
organs, but these were not
touched”, Graves said.
He noted that there were no
tracks around the animal except 
its own, no sign of a
struggle, no puncture wounds to
indicate it had been shot and no
clues as to who had killed and
disfigured it.
With the incident of the black
angus, the number of confirmed
animal mutilations in Logan
county since August 1975 soared
to 85, including one horse, the
sheriff said, making it the hardest 
hit county in Colorado. Elbert 
County has had 78 animal
mutilations, most of them occurring 
in 1975.
While the animal was the first
of its owner’s cattle to be mutilated, 
owners of larger ranches
in the area have experienced 
cattle mutilations numerous 
times.
“One rancher has lost 11 head
to the mutilators - a big loss
- since he has no insurance on
his herd”, Graves said.
Graves, who has retained an
open mind as to who or what is
causing the mysterious animal
deaths and mutilations, said
that although UFO (unidentified
flying object) activity in the
county is believed by some to
be spasmodic of late, some believe 
it increased over the time
period when the angus was
mutilated and an unusual number 
of reports of unidentified
flying objects in the area. At
approximately the same time
there were two reports of la..
brilliant lights that suddenly appeared, 
supposedly following
the track of four county residents.
“Both incidents happened between 
10 p.m. and midnight
G r a v e s said. “Two young
people were driving north of
Sterling when a light suddenly
appeared and came toward
them. It paced the car until the
girl let the guy off and it followed 
her home, then appeared to
turn itself off. There was no
noise connected with the light,
which also followed an older
couple driving west of town”,
said Graves. “It disappeared as
suddenly as it appeared. Both
couples are responsible citizens
who wouldn’t make up an experience 
like this one.”
Graves has been among the
few law enforcement officials
across the country who have
persistently pursued incidents of
animal mutilations in a concerted 
effort to solve the mystery 
of who is responsible for
the senseless butchery, which
has occurred periodically since
the early 1960s.
“We’re still stumped”, he
commented.



The Info Journal, Arlington, Virginia, January 1977 (ceased Publication)

Phantom Butchers in Sweden
(Translated & Submitted by J.O. SUNDBERG)
Fort reported instances of mysterious
cattle mutilations in Wild Talents "("Complete 
Books...," pg. 878-880) with the
following comment:	"... I think that humans 
may have evolved from apes, because
the simians openly imitate humans, as if
conscious of a higher state, whereas the
humans who act like apes are likely to
deny it when criticized. Slashers and
rippers of cattle may be throw-backs to
the ape-era." The phenomenon is not new.
Recent American cases have been blamed
variously on UFOs, devil cults, and cattle 
rustlers. It is interesting to compare 
the Swedish cases, some of which
seem more mysterious and less likely to
be predators or rustlers at work than
others. Certainly there seems to be
something vicious and sadistic involved
in many cases. In the Swedish press accounts, 
the attempts to rationalize the
events in terms of the known fit the
usual pattern. See also "Phantom Butchers,"
INFO Journal #14, p. 12. - Editor
Case Number 1
THE MYSTERY OF THE INVISIBLE BUTCHERS
(Norrkopings Tidningar; November 11, 1972)
Police investigators in the Stockholm
area are puzzled by reports of "shocking
cruelty to animals"-calves have been
slaughtered in a brutish way, their hearts
ripped out and stolen. Other calves have
had their throats cut, and bullocks and
pigs have disappeared under mysterious
circumstances. In recent years, increasing
theft-slaughtering has been reported to
police. Agent Arne Thorsson of the Farm
Producers Association has received many
reports, as have the police.


Daily News, Durban, South Africa, July 15, 1977

UFO link with pony deaths
15 BODIES found mangled, bloodless

LONDON, Finlay.
MEN in masks using
metal detectors and a
geiger counter yesterday
scoured a remote Dartmoor 
valley in a bid to
solve a macabre mystery.
Their search centred on
marshy gassland where 15
wild ponies were found
dead, their bodies mangled
and torn.
All appeared to have
died at about the same
time and many of their
bones had been inexplicably 
shattered. To
add to the riddle their
bodies decomposed to
skeletons in only 48 hours.
Yesterday’s search was
carried out by members of
the Devon Unidentified
Flying Objects centre at
Torquay, who are trying to
prove a link with outer
space.
They believe flying
saucers may have flown
low over the area and
created a vortex which
hurled the ponies to their
deaths.
Animal experts confess
they are baffled.
John Wysc, head of the
four-man team said: “If a
space-craft has been in the
vicinity there may still be
detectable evidence.”
“We wanted to see if
there was any sign that
the ponies had been shot,
but we found nothing. The
incident bears an uncanny
resemblance to similar
events reported in
America.
“There have been
strange cases of animals
found dead with bones
smashed or their bodies
drained of blood.”
A spokesman for the
local livestock protection
society said: “We have
spent many hours dissecting 
and examining what
was left of the carcasses.
The ponies had broken
bones and torn arteries.
“Whatever happened
was fairly violent. We are
keeping an open mind. We
are fascinated by the UFO
theory.”


Mercury, Durban, South Africa, July 15, 1977

Were these ponies killed by UFO invaders?
Mercury Correspondent
LONDON - The grisly
discovery of 13 dead
ponies at a remote Dartmoor 
(West Country)
beauty spot to gripping
the attention of the local
Unidentified Flying
Objects Centre.
It believes invaders
from outer space may be
responsible. UFO
hunters, armed with
Geiger counters, metal
detectors and face masks
to protect themselves
from alien forces, have
been out in force on the
moors.
Their leader, Mr. John
Wyse, said: “We know
lots of strange objects
fly over Dartmoor. It
seems to us that something 
frightened these
animals and perhaps
even killed them. Horses
and cattle have been
found in America with
bones smashed and
bodies drained of blood.”
The ponies’ mutilated
carcasses were found
close together in a little
valley on the heart of the
moor, far from the
nearest road. Many had
crushed bones and
cracked ribs. One had a
broken neck.
Animal experts are
baffled. Mrs. Joanna Vinson, 
secretary of the
Dartmoor Livestock
Protection Society, said
she had spent hours di-
secting the carcasses but
could not offer any rational 
explanation. Neither
could the RSPCA.


Amarillo Globe-News, Amarillo, Texas, May 1978

Cattle mangled by UFO’s?
By LARRY STATSER
Globe News Staff WriterAbout the same time law enforcement 
officers in the Hereford area
were trying to find how cattle were
being mutilated last summer, several
head of cattle were found in the
same condition in Northern New
Mexico.
Since then:
• Three persons in New Mexico
have come up with evidence that
they claim shows flying saucers
might be involved.
• Apache Indians in the area near
Taos are “hopping mad” because
their cattle were among those mutilated.
• The sheriff at Hereford, when
asked about UFO connections to the
mutilations in his county, quipped
that whoever mans the UFO “must
not be all bad” if they like beef.
Federal and state agencies have officially 
taken a “hands-off” approach
to reports that the New Mexico mutilations 
and UFO sightings are connected. 
But a former government scientist, 
a New Mexico State Police officer, 
and a private scientist say they
are going to continue their “unofficial” 
investigation into the incidents.
The three men are cooperating in
the research of a possible connection
between metallic, organic material
found on cattle in a remote, mutilation
-prone area northwest of Taos
and powder scooped up by persons
who claim they saw a UFO just outside 
of Taos last July.
The New Mexico incident was
made public this week when tests by
a private Albuquerque laboratory
showed the material on the cattle
hides and the material found near the
reported UFO sightings were almost
identical.
The analysis was conducted by Bob
Schoenfeld of Schoenfeld Clinical
Laboratories in Albuquerque.
The tests' were run on a request
from Howard Burgess of Taos, a retired 
Sandia Laboratory scientist who
has been investigating reported cattle
mutilations and UFO sightings in
northern New Mexico for several
years.
Burgess said he first discovered
the metallic substance on the cattle
on the night of July 5.
A rash of cattle mutilations
prompted Burgess to conduct ultraviolet 
light tests on a herd of cattle
from the Manuel Gomez ranch near
Dulce, on the Apache Indian reservation.

Manuel Gomez’s son, Edmond,
told the Globe-News last night that
his father has lost between 15 and 20
cows, calves and bulls to mutilations.
He said he has heard of no more mutilations 
in the area since the wave of
reports last summer.
The mutilations in northern New
Mexico occurred at the same time a
similar “mutilation epidemic” was
under investigation in the Hereford
area.
The cattle mutilations in New
Mexico, like those in the Hereford
area, were reported to authorities in
the span of a few weeks last summer.
Since then, reports of mutilations
to authorities in both areas have all
but ceased.
Deaf Smith County Sheriff Travis
McPherson of Hereford said the only
recent mutilation he is aware of occurred 
last Saturday on a ranch about
22 miles north of Hereford.
In the latest mutilation, as in those
In both Hereford and New Mexico
last summer, the mutilators cut away
sexual organs of the carcass, McPherson 
said.
Texas and New Mexico ranchers
reported that udders, rectums,
tongues, ears, testicles, and sometimes 
tails were cut away with what
appeared to be a very sharp and precise 
instrument.
Gomez said whole reproductive
tracts were missing from some of his
animals.
McPherson said there were no reported 
UFO sightings at the time of
the mutilations last summer, but he
said “if those UFO's have got a taste
for beef, they, must not be all bad.”
Burgess said he has no doubt the
Taos residents saw something in the
sky last July, about four days before
his ultraviolet test of Gomez's cattle,
but he said he is not making any
guesses or offering any theories on a
connection to the mutilations.
“We went out and talked to each
witness separately.” Burgess told the
Globe-News, “and each story
checked out. The whole neighborhood 
saw the UFO.”
But Burgess said the people were
“too scared” to report the sighting
last July and only recently went to
authorities with their story.
When they went, Burgess said,
they took a fruit jar full of a powdery
substance one of them scooped off
the windshield of a truck parked beneath 
the UFO.
He said the residents saw a gray,
silvery substance floating down after
the UFO disappeared and that “fortunately, 
one of them had the presence 
of mind to gather some up in a
fruit jar.”
When Burgess and State Police
Trooper Gabe Valdez heard of the
strange powder, they immediately
thought of the substance on the cow
hides they had examined last July.
They received permission to borrow 
the Taos sample, for another
analysis and took it to Schoenfeld in
Albuquerque.
Schoenfeld told the Globe-News
that the substance he tested was of
the same chemical composition as
the substance on the cow hides he analyzed 
earlier.
He said the material he tested was
similar to “slivers or chips of gray
paint" and that it contained an “extremely 
high” amount of potassium
and magnesium.
He said the substances were “fairly 
ubiquitous around the world” but
the potassium content was about 70
times more than the normal amount
for earth samples in the Taos area.
A test under a mass spectrometer
revealed the substance was similar to
Teflon material in its composition.
Schoenfeld said the samples from
Taos and the samples from the cow
hides both proved to be organic matter, 
“as opposed to a metal compound 
such as used on aircraft”


Oregon Herald, Albany, Oregon, July 18, 1979 (ceased publication)

The mystery of animal mutilations
Areas indicated on this map are those in which animal mutilations have
occurred, during 1977 and 1978. The map does not reflect the actual intensity of
the phenomena. The information comes from Tom Adams of Paris, Texas.
By TOYO YAMAMOTO
There are very few people who are
aware of what may be one of the most
bizarre, unsolved crimes of the
century. Ever since the spring of 1973,
there have been many hundreds of
extremely skillful mutilations of
domestic animals, mainly of cattle.
They have occurred in over 20 states,
although primarily in the cattle
country of the Southwest.
Here in the Northwest the last
reported animal mutilation case was
the mutilation-death of a horse in a
farm near Lyons in Linn County,
during May of last year. The June 1,
1978 report from The Stayton Mail
noted that the “mare had a triangular
slit on her lower abdomen. The sex
organs were missing. Also missing was
the left eye which had been neatly
removed. The tongue had been cut
out...”
The news account continued with
the observation that the horse's blood
was completely drained, although not
a drop was found on the ground. And
despite indications of a struggle, there
were no footprints in the area-even
though it would “have taken seven or
eight persons to contain her.”
This Linn County case highlights
some typical characteristics of most of
these ghastly mutilations. It is possible
to isolate the following distinctive
features, as being common to most
animal mutilations: (1) the
mutilations involve extreme precision
in the use of what may be surgical
instruments; (2) the parts mutilated
typically include body-parts, such as
an eye, the tongue, the uterus, the
rectum, the udder and so forth; (3)
many carcasses are drained of their
blood, although there are no traces of
blood in the surrounding area; (4) in
many cases there were reports of
unidentified or unmarked helicopters
or flying objects near the mutilation
sites.
Furthermore, some mutilated
carcasses may decay extremely
slowly-even in hot weather; in other
cases the deterioration may be
immediate and rapid. There are also
peculiar reactions by predators and
domestic animals to the mutilated
carcasses-there are a number of cases
in which those carcasses became “off
limits” to other animals. But in a few
examples predators have fed
immediately upon mutilated
carcasses.
During 1977 and 1978 the
Northwest (Washington, Oregon and
Idaho) experienced the following
incidents of animal mutilations:
1977 March: Snohomish County
(Washington)
August: Union County (Oregon)
September: Custer County (Idaho)
October: Wallowa County (Oregon)
and Snohomish County (Washington)
November: Linn County (Oregon)
1978 February: Skagit County
(Washington)
May: Linn County (Oregon) and
Snohomish County (Washington)
August: Pierce County (Washington)
September: Pierce County (Washington) 
and Boundary County(Idaho)
October: Pierce County and
Snohomish County (Washington)
This listing can only indicate the
geographical areas of animal
mutilation cases in the Northwest. The
intensity of the incidents is another
matter. For example, the Tacoma
News- Tribune of September 6, 1978
and of September 14, 1978 revealed
that up to 22 horse or dog mutilations
have taken place in Pierce County
within the past 2 1/2 years. In addition,
at least three horses were castrated in
September and an additional ten
horses were missing and presumed
stolen.
Attempts to explain the cause or
causes of these animal mutilations
have ranged from the obviously
erroneous to the wildly improbable.
Some incidents were explained in
terms of predators, like coyotes.
Although predators may account for a
few of those incidents, the majority of
mutilation-deaths involve the skillful
use of precision instruments, such as
surgical tools. In most cases the
mutilations are not characterized by
the gnawing and tearing bites of
predators.
Another explanation is that the
mutilations are the work of Satanic
cults. For example, the Southwest
Times Record of May 5, 1978 from
Fort Smith, Arkansas reported that
“officials stumbled across flagstone
altars in the woods, littered with
animal skulls and candles. Symbols
painted in white were emblazoned on
the crude altars.” Although cultists
may account for some of these
mutilations-deaths, the typical reports
of flying objects, such as helicopters,
cannot fit into this explanation. There
are at least 200 reports of such
sightings, and there are undoubtedly
many others which have not been
recorded. If the cultist explanation is
to be a viable one, we have to consider
a nation-wide organization which is
able to finance such an extremely
costly operation.
Researchers have also looked at the
UFO connection to animal
mutilations. In some incidents
“classical” UFO phenomena occurred.
These include UFO sightings of a
variety of forms, the engines of cars
and tractors dying near the UFOs, and
the presence of “men in black” in the
vicinity of the mutilations. “Men in
black” is a term which refers to strange
people with not-quite-human
appearances. There is not much that
one can say about these explanations,
since the subject of UFOs is an
extremely controversial and
emotional one.
Another explanation is offered by
Edward Sanders, author of a book
about Charles Manson. Others will
remember Sanders as a poet with the
Fugs. He contends that the animal
mutilations are a part of clandestine
operation by U.S. intelligence agencies
to test chemical-biological weapons in
an “underground” manner. This
explanation would account for the
precision of the mutilations, as well as
the presence of helicopters in
mutilation cases. However,
mutilations have occurred in other
countries also, so could we be up
against international intelligence
agencies?!
Whatever the explanation for these
animal mutilations, we do see a
curious lack of public knowledge that
these incidents are occurring in such a
large and frequent scale. This public
ignorance is probably related to the
equally curious lack of investigative
reporting on the matter.
This absence of public knowledge
about animal mutilations may be
corrected in the near future. ABC-TV
News has been putting together a
report on animal mutilations. This
report is scheduled to be on the “20-
20” news program sometime in the
summer. Also, a free-lance writer has
been working on a proposed piece for
Look magazine.
In the meantime the mystery of the
animal mutilations remains unsolved.
If any readers have further knowledge
of these incidents, you may contact
Tom Adams at Project Stigma, P.O.
Box 1094, Paris, TX 74560. An on-site
investigator can be at the scene of a
fresh mutilation by calling Mr.
Adams, as soon as the incident occurs,
at (214) 784-5922.



Greeley Tribune, Greeley, Colorado, Sunday, November 2, 1980

Mutilations-Predators. ..or UFOs? what's the answer?
By BILL JACKSON
Tribune Staff Writer
The call comes into the sheriff's office 
shortly after 8 a.m. on a bright,
sunny, summer morning. The caller is
a rancher from a remote part of the
county. He tells the sheriff or a member
of the investigations department of the
sheriffs office that he has just found a
cow in a pasture a mile or so away from
the home headquarters of the ranch.
The cow, he says, is dead.
Nothing unusual about finding a dead
animal on a ranch. While it is not frequent, 
livestock do die on ranches.
But this cow, the rancher tells the
sheriff, has had her udder removed.
The anal area of the animal has been
bored out and it looks as though her
reproductive organs have been removed. 
The left eye is gone. So is the left
ear. The tongue has been neatly
severed at the back of the cow’s mouth
and has been removed.
The cow has been mutilated.
That scene has been repeated
thousands of times over the past five to
six years in at least 44 states and
foreign countries, according to David
Perkins, director of Animal Mutilations
Probe, based in Farisita, about 20 miles
northwest of Walsenburg in south-
central Colorado.
Perkins is one of a handful of private
investigators who has devoted
countless hours in the investigation of
the mysterious circumstances surrounding 
mutilations. County sheriffs
in most States west of the
Mississippi River have put in several
hundred hours probing the incidents,
which usually involve a cow with part
or all of the senses organs, i.e.. an eye,
the tongue, and an ear, as well as the
reproductive organs, missing.
Usually, there is no sign of struggle,
tbe body will be void of blood and there
will be no blood where the animals have
been cut. And there are no tracks
around the animal, other than its own.
Predators often don’t touch the car-
cass of the animal, and, in some cases,
the carcass seems to decompose much
faster than what is normal.
Evidence is scarce.
After an absence of reported mutila-
tions in Weld County for more than
three years, five were reported in
August and September. Why?
“I think some ranchers will say that
there's nothing that can be done about
them (the mutilations), so why bother
to report them”, Andrews said.
The last mutilation Andrews investigated 
involved a calf near Brig-
gsdale belonging to Roland Ball.
Andrews and Ball said the animal
bad been dead about 48 hours when it
was discovered. A near-perfect circle of
hide had been removed from the belly
of the animal, but coyotes had eaten
part of the carcass.
“But they hadn't touched the area
that had been cut away, strange
because the wound would have given
the predators an easy access into the
bowels of the calf. Coyotes and other
predators always start tearing at the
softest part of a dead animal”, Andrews 
said.
The sheriff took a sampling of the cut
area and of a white substance that was
discovered on the carcass. Andrews
said the cut was examined at the
sheriffs department laboratory and a
sampling of the white substance was
sent to CBI labs in Denver.
“We clipped a piece of the hide out
and under examination we found a very
definite, smooth cut. We could even tell
the difference between that cut and the
one we had made in removing the piece
of hide. The CBI study revealed that the
white substance was maggot eggs
..h were just about ready to hatch. I
had seen a lot of that on dead animals
and often wondered what it was. I can
buy the CBI report”, he said.
But, there are many aspects of
mutilation cases he has investigated in
Weld that be cannot “buy”.
One of the more bizarre incidents, he
said, involved a Holstein cow a few
years ago.
“When I walked up to the cow I noticed 
something unusual about it. There
were several strips of something that I
didn't recognize on the ground near the
animal’s head. I picked up one of them,
which was very thin and looked like a
corkscrew. After looking at it for
sometime, I realized that it was a strip
of skin that had been cut from the cow's
nose; you could even see the pores in
the skin that cows have on that soft skin
of the nose. There were a dozen of those
strips, less than one-quarter-of-an-inch
wide. The skin from the nose of the
Holstein had been neatly removed right
at the hair line. When I looked at the
strips closely, each of them bad been
cut very straight, with corners at the
end of each strip and every one of them
was about the same length. I know
damn good and well that a predator is
not capable of doing something like 
that”, Andrews said. j
The corkscrew effect of the strips, he
believed, had been caused by the sub
drying them and causing each of the
strips to curl up.
Most investigators doubt that
predators are capable of performing
the precise incision found on mutilated
carcasses.
The latest example of that comes
from New Mexico, a state which, according 
to AMP’s Perkins and Tom
Adams of Paris, Texas, who heads Project 
Stigmata, a mutilation research
group, has had probably the most
mutilations than any of the other
estimated 40 states in which they have
occurred.
At the height of the wave of mutilations 
which swept the state, Sen. Harrison 
“Jack” Schmitt, R-New Mexico,
called a multi-state mutilation convention, 
which was attended by both
Perkins and Adams.
Many mutilation investigators offered 
testimony at the three-day convention 
in April of 1979 at Albuquerque,
N.M. Perkins and Adams both testified
at the conference, but, according to
Perkins, the most startling testimony
came from Dr. Henry Montheith,
engineering physicist at Sandia Labs, a
government research area in Sandia,
N.M. Monteith, who has investigated
mutilations for more than 10 years,
cited recent letters from Russia asking
for information on mutilations as
evidence that Russian scientists had
taken an active interest.
Among the more startling
disclosures, Perkins said, was Mon-
theith’s assertion that “we are dealing
with something invisible.” The scientist
went on to cite case histories he’d
gathered on a number of Indian reservations. 
to one instance, he said, “An
ordinary Indian had witnessed the descent 
of a ‘spacecraft.’” A spaceman
dressed in a white spacesuit had floated
out of the ship and chased down a
jackrabbit, Montheith testified.
In January of 1979, Perkins said Mon-
theith claimed that “invisible aliens
from space are among us. That’s why
it’s so hard to catch up with them (the
mutilators).” He claimed that
extraterrestrials were cutting up
cows as part of an “environmental
testing program”, and the results probably 
gave them “one hell of an idea of
our biosphere.”
One outcome of the New Mexico conference 
was a $50,000 government grant
to study mutilations. A retired FBI investigator 
spent not quite a year investigating 
and determined that
animals died of natural causes.
Predators were deemed responsible for
the disfigurations on the carcasses.
Perkins and Adams disputed the conclusion, 
suggesting instead that unidentified 
flying objects are involved.
Adams has compiled a catalog of
some 200 mutilation incidents that involved 
flying objects. Some sightings
on Adams’ list occurred in northern
Colorado in 1975.
On the night of Aug. 21, 1975, officers
from the Logan County Sheriffs
Department spent more than five hours
chasing unidentified aircraft. The
chase began when a helicopter sighting
was reported at about 10 p.m. near
Stoneham, in extreme eastern Weld.
During the next five hours reports of
simitar sightings ranged from north of
New Raymer, to Merino, Peetz, and
Kimball and Bushnell, Neb. The
sightings finally died out early the morning 
of Aug. 22 near Carpenter, Wyo.
On Ang. 25, MTS, more “helicopter”
sightings were reported and a
mutilated yearling heifer was
discovered in Adams County.
On Sept. 3, 1975, the Weld Sheriffs
Department received a report of
helicopter sightings northeast of Cornish 
and when officers responded, at
least five distinctive aircraft were
sighted, with at least two believed to be
helicopters.
At approximately the same time, a
New Raymer rancher reported seeing a
helicopter land in an arroyo on his
ranch. The craft was later seen taking
off and leaving the area, flying in a northwest 
direction.
The next morning, Sept. 4, 1975, a
mutilated heifer was discovered near
Briggsdale, just north of Cornish.
On Sept. 27, 1975, a ranch foreman
near Grover in the remote area of northeast 
Weld, saw a strange “light” near
the ground in a field of 15 hulls about a
mile from his home. He got into his
pickup to drive to the field to investigate, 
but when he turned his truck
into the field the “light”, which he said
was probably a helicopter, rose out of
the field and began flying out of the
area. About a month earlier, an animal
had been mutilated on the ranch, but a
search by the rancher and two officers
from the Weld Sheriff's Department,
revealed that all 15 bulls were still in
the field.
But the fact remains, and investigators 
such as Adams, Graves In
Sterling and Weld’s Andrews are quick
to point out, that neither a helicopter
nor any other type of craft has actually
been spotted on the ground beside a
freshly mutilated animal.
“I would say that 90 percent of the
cattle we find dead in Weld County are
not mutilated”, Andrews said. “I have
seen a lot of strange things in the past
few years in this county, including
helicopters with no markings what-so-
ever. But I can’t say the occupants inside 
those helicopters are the ones
responsible for the mutilations.
“Those 90 percent that die, die of
natural causes and the predators work
on them, making them appear to have
been mutilated. But there is a distinct
difference between those and the ones
which have been mutilated; there’s just
no comparison. A lot of those animals
probably die as a result of eating
poisonous weeds, particularly young
calves in a dry field who eat the weeds
to get the moisture out of them”,
Andrews continued.
When asked why mutilated animals
are seldom found during the wintertime, 
Andrews responded:
“That's strange and I’ve thought
about it. But we’ve never had a mutilation 
reported during the winter months
and you would think that we’d have
more if predators were responsible -
they would be hungier during the winter
months due to a lack of mice and other
small rodents. I know cattle die during
the winter, more so than in the summer
months. But none of them have ever
been mutilated”, be said. There have
also been claims that ranchers are cutting 
up their own animals to report it as
a mutilation and then collect insurance.

“I don’t believe that”, Andrews said.
“I gave a talk to a cattle group not long
ago and granted, while it was a small
crowd, I asked for a show of hands concerning 
how many of them had insurance 
on their animals. Not one of
them responded. The only insurance I
carry is on animals that I truck down
the road as show animals and if I had a
registered bull I would insure him,
because I don't want to run the risk of
losing $5,000 or $6,000 on him. But the
rancher in this area with just range cattle 
can't afford to insure them. It just
wouldn’t be economical because the
premiums would be too high. He might
have a registered bull in his herd that
he might carry some insurance on, but
not on his range cattle.” Andrews said.
“And while 90 percent of the animal
deaths in Weld can be explained, Andrews 
said, it’s the other 10 percent that
remain a mystery; I just don’t have any
answer.”
Tribune art by Caroline Gilstrai


Ranchland News, Simla, Colorado, October 7,1982 

423 VOLUME NO. 82 ISSUE NO. 34  
* The Larrgest Rural Weekly In All of Elbert County And East El Paso County  * 
THURSDAY, OCTOBER, 7,1982 Ranchland Farm News 
Mutilation At Mikitas 
by Rick E. Gaddy 
Another mutilation has occured in  "Ranchland Country". The latest incident occured on the night of Sept. 28 and was reported to this newspaper the following day by the owner of the cow, Larry Mikita. Mikita told this reporter that vehicle access to the cow was 
impossible without driving directly past his house. When he first inspected the cow, the straw around the head had been trampled down, indicating that someone may have been kneeling beside the head. Mikita found no visible signs of a  bullet wound in the animal. This cow had it's right ear, right eye, and right side lips
removed. The tongue was cut off inside the mouth and the teeth were removed from the upper and lower jaws on the right side of the head. Mikita stated that he did not notify the sheriffs department about this incident because  "It wouldn't have done any good". After a  lapse in time in reporting mutilations, this reporter again was faced with his own interpretation of the incident. Mutilation stories seem to hold a  fragment of bewilderment with readers. This reporter does not enjoy the haunting, mysterious aura that seems to hover around a mutilation site, nor does he like to dramatize an event out of proportion. This week the staff is running a  photo that some may find unsuitable for publication. This photo is not an attempt to frighten any readers, it is merely to show the bizarre nature of a  mutilation. 

Larry Mikita stands behind the cow he found mutilated last Wednesday.  Photo by Rick Gaddy 

This close-up photo shows the only visible injuries the owner could find on the mutilated cow 
Photo by Rick Gaddy 


Ranchland News, Simla, Colorado, September 19, 1985 
VOLUME NO. 85 ISSUE NO. 31 ’  
The LARGEST rural weekly in ALL of Elbert County and ALL of eastern El Paso County 
THURSDAY SEPTEMBER 19, 1985 
Phantom surgeons strike again 
Sheriff Yarnell disputes CBI reports by Monty Gaddy No one knows who they are, where they come from, how they did it or why. But the phantom surgeons of the plains, the mysterious mutilators of livestock, have struck again. The latest incident reported to Ranchland News occurred at the old Clifford Gertsch place, located 19 miles south of Matheson. Jim and Billie Trembly, caretakers of the property where Gertsch runs 75 head of cattle, discovered the apparent mutilation Saturday afternoon. A  5-year-old cow, weighing over 1,000 pounds, was found lying in a  grove of trees about 100 yards south of the abandoned Gertsch house. Mr. Trembly estimated the cow had been dead for two days when he found it. A  circular cut about eight inches in diameter had been made around the animal’s rectum, and another oblong piece of hide about six inches in length was removed from the udder area. The areas appeared to have been cut away with surgical expertise. No blood had dripped from the animal onto the sandy soil, and no footprints or unusual markings were found in the area. The meat appeared to be untouched. (continued) 

MONTY GADDY Ranchland News Jim Trembly takes a  look at an apparently mutilated cow he discovered in a  grove of trees last Saturday on the Gortsch place. 

Besides the classic clues
pointing to a mutilation, the
animal had several other
unusual features. There was a
substance slowly oozing from
the animal’s nose. “I’ve never
heard anyone say anything
about oozing from the nose in
any of the mutilations I’ve read
about”, Mrs. Trembly said.
Even more peculiar was an
unexplainable spot on the cow’s
belly where the hair had been
rubbed off. Additionally, there
were marks directly in front of
both the left and right rear legs.
Judging from the marks, it
appears some sort of claw
device must have pinched the
hide with such intensity as to
break the skin and cause
bruises. Tremblys said they
suspect the animal was airlifted
and dropped at the point where
they made the discovery.
Tremblys called the Elbert
County Sheriffs office shortly
after finding the dead animal
Saturday afternoon. Deputy
Dave Dolan of Simla was
promptly dispatched to the
scene. He said it was the first
reported mutilation he had
investigated, and was unable to
draw any specific conclusions
because the animal had been
dead several days. “With it
being several days old and
already bloated, there isn’t a
whole lot we can do with it”,
Deputy Dolan said.
Ten years ago, in the summer
of 1975, numerous mutilations
were reported in Elbert and El
Paso Counties. In December of
1975, the Colorado Bureau of
Investigation reported of the
203 suspected cases of cattle
mutilations it investigated,
only 11 could definitely be
attributed to something other
than predators. The rest, the
CBI said, were caused by
predators.
Not all the cases were
reported to the CBI, however.
And many more ranchers
didn’t, and still don’t, report
mutilations even to their own
sheriffs department.
In an exclusive interview last
week with Ranchland News,
Elbert County Sheriff George
Yarnell said he disputes at least
some of the CBI findings.
As part of his investigation
into reported mutilations in the
mid-70’s, Yarnell said he was
instructed by the CBI to cut
pieces of hide from around the
mutilated area. He was told to
put notches in the side he cut
out, and send it in so the CBI
could examine the non-notched
(or mutilated) edge. “If the root
hairs are cut, you know it was
done with a knife”, he
explained.
Yarnell said he became
frustrated with the CBI’s
‘predator caused’ reports,
stating, “Dang it, I was just
pretty sure with my naked eye
that some of them weren’t
(predator caused). But I’d just
know what the results would
be...'done by predators.' So one
time I just reversed it (the
notches). I got the same
results.”
In other words, the CBI
examined the edge of the hide
Yarnell cut out with his knife,
and came back with a report
that the cut was done by
predators. “The side they said
was cut by predators was
absolutely the side I cut”,
Yarnell revealed. “I had 'em fair
and square on that one.”
Yarnell said he was
infuriated when he received the
report, and went up to CBI
headquarters to talk to Carl
Whiteside, who was the chief
officer assigned to the
mutilation investigation. “He
went back to the lobby and some
guy came out and they ‘hem-
hawed’ around, and I was so
damned disgusted I just walked
out”, Yarnell said.
In a Tuesday afternoon
telephone interview with
Ranchland News CBI director
Carl Whiteside said, concerning
the above incident, “I have no
way to refute that. It was
obviously an oversight in our
lab.” He insisted each tissue
sample received at the CBI lab
was analyzed, however.
Whiteside said the CBI
became involved in the
mutilation investigation at the
direction of the governor in the
summer of 1975. Their
investigation ended in
December of 1975, Whiteside
said.
Asked if he thinks the CBI
was coerced into blaming the
mutilations on predators,
Yarnell responded, “That I
don’t know. I didn’t waste much
time up there.”
Yarnell said it’s possible the
CBI blamed the mutilations on
predators to ‘save face’, and
keep from admitting they were
unable to solve the mystery.


The Washington Post, Washington, D.C., January 1, 1986

Scoffers, Believers Abound In Mutilated-Cattle Mystery
Strange Events in Colorado Still Inspiring Unusual theories
By Fred Bayles
Associated PressTRINIDAD, Colo.-For 12 years, Lou Girodo
has been looking lor the missing part of a strange
puzzle.
It is a puzzle of odd pieces: cattle mutilated
with a surgeon’s precision, mysterious helicopters, 
unidentified lights in the sky and rumors of
Devil worship, government conspiracy and extraterrestrial 
visitors.
“We really still don’t know what it means. We
hope that one day, somewhere, somebody will
find the piece that fits”, said Girodo, chief investigator 
for the district attorney’s office in Colorado’
s 3rd Judicial District, a large and lonely
expanse of valleys and mountains on the New
Mexico border.
In the mid-1970s, officials in dozens of states
were inundated by reports of cattle mutilations.
Livestock owners from Wisconsin to Washington
told of finding dead cattle with ears, eyes,
tongues, genitals and other organs skillfully removed 
as if with a razor or scalpel.
Estimates of the number of cases over the
year range from 2,000 to 10,000. And even
with official explanations that blamed scavenging
animals for the damage, a dozen or so new cases
are reported each year. Last summer, six cases
were reported in northern New Mexico and one
in Colorado.
Field investigators like Girodo believe many
more cases are unreported.
“Ranchers are saying, 'Hey, I’ve reported it
before| and nothing's been done about it so I
don’t want people stomping all over my pastures
and laughing at me,' ” he said.
Cattle mutilations, or "cat mutes” as the locals
call them, were no laughing matter a decade ago.
Colorado Gov. Richard D. Lamm called it “one
of the great outrages in the history of the western 
cattle industry” and ordered a statewide investigation 
in 1975. In New Mexico, National
Guard helicopters were sent to ride shotgun
over cattle ranges. In 1979, Harrison Schmitt,
then a U.S. senator from New Mexico, held a
hearing into the mutilations.
Stockmen’s associations in Colorado, Wyoming, 
Montana and Utah offered rewards as high
as $25,000. There were scattered reports of
ranchers firing at helicopters that strayed over
their land. Lawmen from ranching states held
seminars to compare notes.
No one was arrested; no one came forward to
tell of seeing a mutilation take place. Officials
sorting evidence in Denver and Santa Fo concluded 
the cattle were victim of the natural
forces of lightning, toxic plants and bovine disease. 
The mutilations, they said, were performed
by coyotes and buzzards.
“As far as we’re concerned, it was the result of
predators attacking dead animals”, Carl Whiteside, 
deputy director of the Colorado Bureau of
Investigation and head of an inquiry into the cattle 
deaths then, said in an interview.
While some still debate the causes, no one denies 
that the reports of mutilations became a
social phenomenon.
“There were a lot of official explanations for it,
from predators to mass hysteria”, said Tom Adams, 
who still publishes an annual newsletter on
mutilations. "Regardless of what it was, it was
something that affected a lot of people.”
Headlines from regional newspapers of the
time reflect the concern. There were reports
that some animals’ blood had been drained without 
a trace, leading to speculation that the
mutilations were the work of satanists or devotees 
of Mithraism, a pre-Christian religion that
performed animal sacrifice and blood ceremonies.
When Iowa investigators discovered all books
on the occult had been checked out of the Des
Moines public library in 1979, they tried to discover 
who was reading the books. The investigation 
created a minor brouhaha when the library 
said the records were confidential.
Reports of lights in the sky and unmarked helicopters 
prowling cattle lands led to speculation
about unidentified flying objects (UFOs) or military 
testing of chemical or germ warfare. There
was even a rumor that oil companies were removing 
organs from cattle to determine what
minerals lay beneath the grassland.
George Yarnell, sheriff of Elbert County,
Colo., recalls patrolling his district at night,
sometimes using aircraft to try to catch the low-
flying helicopters.
“These were honest people who were reporting 
these”, he said. “We had one family who saw
a helicopter land in a corral.”
Yarnell, who has been sheriff of the eastern
Colorado county for 23 years, estimated he has
examined more than 100 reports of cattle mutilations. 
He feels 40 percent of them were real.
“I haven’t changed my mind on that”, he said.
“I'll believe it until the day I die.”
Investigators were baffled by the lack of evidence 
at the scenes. Many police reports described 
cows found in isolated fields unmarked
by human footprints or tire tracks. In some
cases, the bodies were bruised and broken as if
dropped from the air.
Gabe Valdez, a New Mexico state trooper,
recalled times when animals, including predators, 
avoided the dead cattle.
“I watched a pack of coyotes circle a dead animal 
from 20 feet out. They wouldn't come any
closer”, he said.
But by the late 1970s, other evidence pointed
to those same predators as the culprits. Deputies
in Arkansas and Texas staked out dead animals
and watched as buzzards tore at the carcasses,
leaving wounds similar to those blamed on mutilators.

The ruckus seemed to die away after publication 
of a 297-page report in 1980 by Kenneth
Rommel, an ex-FBI agent who had received a
federal grant to study the mutilations. Rommel,
who worked for the Federal Bureau of Investigation 
in New York, Chicago, Puerto Rico and
San Francisco before retiring to New Mexico,
wrote a scathing criticism of local investigators
and news coverage, concluding that with a few
exceptions, the deaths and wounds were of natural 
origins.
“It was amazing how educated and well-
learned people got sucked into the thing”, Rommel 
said.
James Stewart, chairman of the social behavior 
department at the University of South Dakota, 
called the mutilations a case of “mass delusion.”
“Once something like this gets rolling, people
are reluctant to accept a mundane explanation”,
he said. “Talk about satanic cults and visitors
from outer space adds excitement to a drab existence.”
But far away from the state capitals and college 
campuses, ranchers occasionally still find
things in their fields they cannot explain.
Myron Scott, 23, a rancher who has spent his
life in the fields near Trinidad, tells of feeding
hay to his livestock one night last fall when he
saw lights hovering above a pasture two miles
away. The next day he found the cow.
Scott is used to death; he loses a few head to
lightning and disease each year. But he said he
had never seen anything like this. The 600-
pound steer’s hide was pulled up over its body
“like you'd roll a cigarette paper”; its tongue was
cut out and its horns and spine were broken, as if
it had fallen from a considerable height.
Yet there was no trace of blood, no footprint.
Coyote tracks stopped about 30 feet from the
body.
Scott had heard about the mutilations of the
1970s and was familiar with the official explanation 
of predators.
“I don’t pay them a whole lot of mind”, he said.
“I know what I seen.”


Gazette Telegraph, Colorado Springs, Colorado, February 8, 1976

Mutilation Method on Texas
Calf Puzzles Veterinarians
A female calf that did not
bleed when it was mutilated,
yet bled freely during an autopsy, 
has captured the interest of
two veterinarians in southern
Texas, where 25 suspected
cattle mutilations Have occurred
since November.
The veterinarians, Dr. Gary
Crouch and Dr. C.M. Fish of
Brownsville, have come to the
conclusion that the animal was
kept from bleeding, but “not by
any methods we know.”
The calf was found near Mission, 
Tex., within three to four
hours after it had been mutilated 
on Jan. 27, and an autopsy
was performed by the two veterinarians 
shortly thereafter,
according to reporter George
Cox, whose articles appear in
the Brownsville Herald.
The animal with one eye and
the tongue missing was considered 
a good subject for study,
since most of the mutilations in
Texas and other states where
they have occurred have generally 
been discovered several
days after death.
Of primary interest to the two
veterinarians was the fact that
the calf hadn’t bled when the
parts were cut from it, since
many of the reports of mutilated 
cattle over the country
have claimed that the animals
had been drained of blood.
Later, however, they discovered
that the animal’s carcass contained 
a normal amount of
blood.
According to Crouch, normally 
there would be clotted blood
on the wounds, but that was not
the case with the calf. He could
offer no explanation as to why
the animal had not bled and
added that when the other eye
was removed during the autopsy 
it bled freely.
The autopsy, however, failed
to show the cause of death of
the animal, according to the
veterinarians, who said that
death could have been caused
by any number of things that
would not show up in an autopsy 
such as certain chemicals
that would break down shortly
after entering the animal’s system.

Crouch also noted that the circumstances 
around the discovery 
of this particular calf
were much the same as the
others: No tracks or any sign of
struggle in the tall grass where
the carcass was found.
Because of their recent autopsy 
on the calf, the veterinarians
were particularly interested in
an autopsy report released last
week by Texas A&M University
on a cow found mutilated last
November in Cameron County,
where Brownsville is located.
The cow, owned by rancher
Juan Barrera hear Los Fresnos,
was among the first of the reported 
mutilations in Texas.
Missing were its sex organs,
tongue, anus and one eye, with
officials at the scene reporting
the work was done by humans,
not other animals.
At the time, according to Cox,
investigating officers felt that
the cow might provide them
with their first solid clue as to
the perpetrators of the mutilations.

Lt. Eddie Gonzalez of the
Cameron Sheriff’s Department
said that he had seen unofficial
lab reports of specimens taken
from three of Rancher Barrera’
s cattle and that the third
cow had been drugged.
“Traces of some type of drug
were found in the third cow”,
according to Gonzalez.
However, the official report
on the cow from Texas A&M
showed no startling findings, according 
to Crouch. T.R. (Hap)
Roberts, a special Texas
Ranger in charge of mutilation
investigations in south Texas,
agreed.
Lab tests made on the animal’
s liver, according to the report, 
showed there were alkaloids 
present, which, Crouch
said, would mean there was
something in the liver that normally 
would not be there. He
noted, as did the report, that
the unidentified chemical “may
be a decomposition product
from protein.”


The Advertiser-Gleam, Guntersville, Alabama, July 30,1986

Another animal sexually mutilated
A young bull has been found dead
with its testicles cut off. It is the
latest of several dead animals that
have been found in this area with
their sex organs removed.
The bull, 10 months old, belonged
to Clyde C. Gilliland. It was found
in a pasture behind his home at
Nixon Chapel on Horton 2.
The sheriff’s department said the
bull had apparently been dead 3
or 4 days. It was so badly decomposed 
that it was impossible to tell
the cause of its death. No signs
of an injury were visible except
the removal of the testicles.
Discovery of the other animals
led to speculation that they might
have been killed by members of
some religious cult for use in their
rites.


Rio Grande Sun, Espanola, New Mexico, June 19, 1986

Cow Mutilated
In Ojo Sarco
By JOCELYN LIEU
SUN Staff Writer
The mysterious phenomenon
of cattle mutilations has visited
Ojo Sarco.
A six-year-old black Angus
cow owned by Orlando Sanchez
Sr. was discovered early in the
morning June 7 with several neatly 
incised cuts. Missing from the
cow’s body were its udder, anus,
left eyeball and lip.
“It’s pretty weird”, Orlando
Sanchez Jr. told the SUN Tuesday. 
“Things like that don’t
happen up here very often.”
The younger Sanchez said his
father found the registered Angus
dead at the family ranch in Canada 
de los Alamos near Ojo Sarco.
"It was right in the middle of
Continued on Page A-4


Tribune, Salt Lake City, Utah, July, 1986

Cow in Escalante Killed, Mutilated
Special to The Tribune
ESCALANTE - Garfield County
sheriff's deputies are investigating
the mutilation of a black cow found
some six miles south of here.
The animal, devoid of blood and its
sex organs removed, was discovered
by owner Sally Davidson only hours
after it was apparently shot.
Davidson and her husband were
checking cattle after losing one to a
lightning strike two days earlier.
They own the Strath Kay Ranch here.


Gazette Telegraph, Colorado Springs, Colorado, February 2, 1986

Rancher claims officials ignore cow mutilations
By Natalie Phillips
Gazette Telegraph
Two months ago, 80-year-old
Eldon Butler found one of his
Hereford cows dead on his ranch
on Murphy Road.
Its mutilated carcass and reports 
of a helicopter hovering
near Butler’s ranch the night
before the death was discovered
parallel the hundreds of reported 
cow mutilations that
plagued Western states in the
early and mid-1970s.
The cow’s belly had a 14-inch
hole cut “by some type of sharp
cutting instrument”, according
to an El Paso County Sheriff’s
Department report. The
animal’s sex organs were missing.

The only answer investigators
could offer was “it’s the work of
predators.” That is the same
conclusion that was drawn by
investigators nationwide about
1980 after reviewing 2,000 to
10,000 reported mutilations.
But Butler doesn’t buy it.
“That kind of makes you sore
when you can see with your own
plain eyes a butcher couldn't
leave such a clean hole”, Butler
said. “Coyotes would leave teeth
marks.”
Butler has no explanation for
his cow’s death, but he told
investigators he heard a
helicopter hovering about 300
yards from his house the night
before the cow was found dead.
“It was real loud”, Butler
said. He said he didn’t give it a
second thought until he found the
carcass because Army aircraft
often fly by his ranch.
The death of his cow and the
hundreds of cows reported
mutilated in Colorado in the
mid-1970s are an unsolved
mystery investigators have
chosen to ignore, Butler
charges.
Butler's dead cow is one of
“sporadic reports” of mutilations 
in the past several years in
El Paso County, according to Lt.
Jere Joiner, head of the Sheriff’s
Department investigation
bureau. Exact figures on the
number reported annually were
not available.
“There is no use reporting it to
the Sheriff’s Department”,
Butler said. “It doesn’t do any
good.
“I think it is picking up a little
bit again”, he added.
In Colorado, the cattle mutilation 
mystery began in the early
1970s. Hardest hit were Elbert
and Logan counties in the Colorado 
plains.
The mutilations peaked in the
summers of 1975 and 1976. During 
that time, about 1,500 mutilations 
were reported, according
to the Colorado Cattlemen’s Association.

“Once that flurry passed, then
it was sort of gone”, said Bob
Rolston, executive vice president 
of the association. He said
with the exception of Butler’s
cow found dead Nov. 23, he
hasn’t heard any ranchers talk
about having problems.
“It’s on the back burner now”,
Rolston said.
There were four popular
theories in the 1970s about the
multilations. The first was that
cows were being mutilated by
members of a satanic cult that
use animal organs in their
rituals.
A second popular theory was
that the government was secretly 
testing new biological- and
chemical-warfare weapons and
using helicopters to find the
animals.
A third theory was that the
mutilators are visitors from outer 
space who swoop down out of
the night sky and zap the
animals with their weapons.
Select organs of the animals are
taken for cloning, according to
the theory.
The fourth theory was that
natural predators, such as
coyotes, bears, mountain lions,
eagles and magpies, were the
culprits and somehow cattlemen
were the victims of a form of
mass hysteria.


Hope Star, Hope, Arkansas 71801, Saturday, April 11, 1987
Mutilated cows found on farms
By CINDY REESE PAYNE	
Two incidents of gruesome csttle
mutilations are being investigated
by the Hempstead County Sheriffs
Department and the State Police,
according to Sheriff Don Worthey.
Both incidents occurred on farms
about a mile apart on Highway 29
north of Hope within the past two
weeks. It is not known whether the
two incidents are related.
According to Dispatcher Janice
Quillin, John Kramer called in a
report March 26 that he had found a
cow dead in rather unusual circumstances. 
The animal's tongue
had been cut out with a knife of some
sort and the hide had been removed
from the bead. Kramer did not ask
for an investigation into the matter.
Cattle owner John Lloyd, who
lives within a mile of Kramer,
reported Tuesday, April 7 that he
had found a dead cow on his farm
under even more bizarre circumstances. 
Investigating officer
Frank Quillin who examined the
cow, could not determine the exact
cause of death because all the blood
had been removed from the animal
as well as the tongue, eyes and
sexual organs. An incision had been
made in a circle around the utter
and the sexual organs were missing
from the scene. The aree where a
needle might have been inserted to
draw out the blood had been shaved.
Though it is only speculation,
officials believe a tranquilizer gun
may have been used to quiet the
animal while the mutilations occurred.

Sheriffs department source Tom
Witt investigated similar incidents
of animal mutilations in Bowie
County, Texas, about seven years
ago involving what officials believed
was a satanic cult or group of devil
worshipers. But there have been no
reports of such activities locally.
Bowie County criminal investigator 
George Huggins says
there have been about four cases of
animal mutilations during the past
that he can recall, but nothing
recently. Incidents occurred in
Hooks, DeKalb and Texarkana and
the sexual organs were removed in a
similar manner.
State Police criminal investigator
Jerry Reed says in Howard County
which adjoins Hempstead County
there haven’t been any recent
reports of animal mutilations. He
did investigate a Pike County incident 
about seven years ago in
which the utter was removed from a
cow.


The Huntsville Times, Huntsville, Alabama, October 11,1987

40 animal deaths are a mystery
The Associated Press
GENEVA, Ala. - Authorities
probing the mysterious deaths of
some 40 animals - pigs, dogs and
a horse that had its male organs
ripped off - are trying to head
off a stampede of evidence-
trampling sightseers. 
Dot Kirkland, a Geneva County
Sheriff’s Department
spokeswoman, said tales about a
mysterious beast have attracted
droves of sightseers.
“It’s like a fire in town”, she
said. “Everybody’s-coming to see.
It’s bothering our efforts. We’re
setting out traps, but we can’t tell
if there are any tracks because
there have been so many people
walking around out there. We
want them to stay away, because
the traps are dangerous, and this
thing could be dangerous to
humans as well as animals.”
Among the casualties were two
60 pound pigs owned by Lloyd
Stinson and his wife, Ann.
The couple said that on a recent
evening just after sundown they
heard a pig squeal, ran outside and
found the two animals’ ripped
bodies in the pen.
“We didn’t- see-what had done
it”, said Mrs. Stinson. “But we
heard it. It was up between the pen
and a little, hill and we heard it
holler. It was a sound I’m not
familiar with, but it frightened us
enough to get out of there.”
County authorities said more
than 35 animals have been killed
since early September. Most have
been hogs, but there have been
several bulldogs.and one horse.
Mrs. Stinson said their stock
boar, which -weighed 250 pounds,
was also killed.
‘The thing that has confused us
is the fact that tnere is very little
blood around”, she said. “We’re
baffled. We’ve been studying
books about animals and-we can’t
figure out what-this might be.



Letter to a  constituentfrom former U.S. Senator Harrison Schmidt of New Mexico announcing a  conference in Albuquerque on April 20,1979, to discuss the mutilation problem. The only investigation that resulted was the District Attorney’s Office in Santa Fe hiring a  retired FBI agent named Kenneth Rommel. When I  was filming A  Strange Harvest in October 1979, Rommel strongly and suspiciously told me before his investigation that there was nothing to the animal mutilations but the gnawing of natural predators. His biased spring 1980 report allowed for only natural predators as the cause of the widespread, bloodless animal deaths. 

HARRISON SCHMITT 
NEW MEXICO 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE SCIENCE  AND TRANSPORTATION 
COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS 
United States Senate
WASHINGTON. D.C. 20510 
March 14, 1979 
Dear 
Since 1975, there have been about 8,000 reported cases of livestock mutilations in 15 states. It is estimated that the mutilations have cost ranchers nearly  $1 million in livestock losses. The mutilations have been as mysterious as they have been grisly. Aside from discerning a  definite pattern to the nature of the mutilations, law enforcement officers have been unable to develop any definitive leads as to the perpetrators of these crimes. Because of a  growing concern about this problem in New Mexico and other states, I  am proposing a  coordinated effort among the affected states, the United States Attorney for New Mexico, the Federal Bureau of Investigation  (FBI), and the New Mexico State Police, to address this situation. Accordingly, I  would like to invite you to meet with me and R.E. Thompson, U.S. Attorney for New Mexico, at the Albuquerque Inn in Albuquerque, New Mexico, on April 20, 1979. The format for the meeting calls for a morning session devoted to sharing information, and an afternoon session focused on discussing solutions to this problem, including appropriate coordination and federal assistance. The Justice Department has asked the FBI to assist in the investigation, and the U.S. Attorney for New Mexico has assured me of his office's availability to assist us in whatever manner possible. It is very important that my office have a  reply from you by April 6, 1979, so that arrangements for accommodations and a  meeting room can be made at the Albuquerque Inn. Also, please feel free to provide me with the names and addresses of individuals who are knowledgeable about this subject, and who should attend this meeting. 


ALBERTA REPORT, FORMERLY SAINT JOHN'SCALGARY REPORT, September 7, 1979
What strange hand, force or cult has killed and surgically carved up hundreds of prairie cattle?  

THE MULTILATORS
What strange hand, force or cult has killed and surgically carved up hundreds of prairie cattle?


Front page of Gazette Telegraph, Colorado Springs, Colorado, July 29,1976

If Coyote Mutilates, It Has Dental Skills
By DOROTHY ALDRIDGE
GT Staff Writer
“There’s a coyote in northeastern 
Colorado wearing a
necklace made from cow’s
teeth!” said Sheriff Harry L.
“Tex” Graves Wednesday after
investigating Logan County’s
50th confirmed cattle mutilation.

“On the other hand, maybe
he collected the teeth to take
back to his dentistry class”, the
sheriff pointed out.
His comments were aimed
directly at the Colorado Bureau
of Investigation (CBI), which
feels that with few exceptions
the mutilated animals it has examined 
in its laboratory were
caused by predators, not
humans.
Lines of communication are
also down between Colorado’s
county law enforcement officials 
and ranchers and School
of Veterinary Medicine at Fort
Collins whose officials side with
the CBI where animal mutilations 
are concerned. County
lawmen and ranchers interviewed 
by the Gazette Telegraph 
feel they’ve gotten the
runaround by both agencies.
From past performance,
Graves feels that it’s likely the
CBI and lab officials at Fort
Collins would report back that
Logan County’s latest mutilation, 
confirmed by Graves, was
the work of predators, even
though he found that all its
teeth had been cut out with surgical 
precision and were nowhere 
to be found.
“We’ve had two previous mutilations 
where one or two teeth
have been pulled, but we found
them in the animal’s mouth”,
Graves said. “On this one, all
the teeth had been cut out with
a sharp instrument and we
couldn’t find them anywhere.”
Otherwise, the animal, dead
since last Saturday or early
Sunday, he said, had been mutilated 
in what has become a
classic manner.
Found approximately eight
miles southwest of Sterling, it
was a full grown hereford heifer. 
Surgically removed was an
eye, an ear, the tongue, udder
and rectal area. The lower jaw
had been skinned.
There were also interesting
aspects to the county’s 49th mutilation 
which Graves investigated 
and confirmed last
Monday.
This one was a 3 to 4 year old
bull weighing approximately 1,¬
800 pounds found 30 miles northeast 
of Sterling. Its head and
half of its body were submerged
in a stream that ran through a
pasture.
The animal, the sheriff said,
had been cut with precision.
Gone were an eye, an ear, the
tongue, testicles and rectum
area.
There were no signs that the
animal had been mutilated elsewhere 
and dragged into the
water, Graves said. The only
tracks found in the mud around
the stream were animal's own.
“It’s awful hard for a predator 
to eat up an animal like
that unless he breathes through
his ears or wears a snorkel”,
the sheriff commented.
Logan County’s 46th confirmed 
mutilation investigated
July 2 also had an interesting
aspect, different from the hundreds 
of other mutilations reported 
in recent years in some
21 states.
The animal’s left ear, eye and
tongue were taken, the entire
under belly was skinned and the
rectal area had been bored. It
appeared, the sheriff said, that
all sex organs had been taken.
“There was indication that at
least part of the operation had
been done while the animal was
alive and standing, since dried
blood was on the back of both
its hind legs”, Graves said. “No
blood, however, was in the heifer.”

NEW VOGUE AMONG COYOTES-A COW TOOTH NECKLACE
He secures the teeth with the knife he carries



=====================================================================
Photographs, Publications, Illustrations and Documents List

Photograph
Author filming mutilated bull,
Walsenberg, Colorado, October 1979.
xiv

Newspaper
“Dead Horse Riddle Sparks UFO Buffs”,
The Pueblo Chieftain, Pueblo, Colorado,
October 7, 1967.
1 &7

Photograph
Lady, the mutilated horse, San Luis
Valley, Colorado, September 1967,
by Don Anderson.
8

Newspaper
“Horse Killed; UFO Blamed”, Statesman,
Salem, Oregon, October 6, 1967.
9

Magazine
“The Midnight Marauder”, Newsweek,
September 30, 1974.
11 & 13

Newspaper
“Burgeoning Losses Bring FBI Into
Rustlers Probe”, The Des Moines Register,
Des Moines, Iowa, April 19, 1973.
14

Newspaper
“FBI Won’t Help Investigate State
Cattle Mutilations”, Gazette Telegraph,
Colorado Springs, Colorado,
September 24,1975.
15

Newspaper
“Mutilated Livestock, Strange Flying Objects
Reported in Nebraska”, Argus Leader,
Sioux Falls, South Dakota, August 30, 1974.
16-17

Newspaper
“UFOs zapping cows?” The St. Paul Pioneer
Press Dispatch, St. Paul, Minnesota,
December 27, 1974.
18-19

Photograph
Aerial of mysterious circles where mutilated cow
found in Meeker County, Minnesota, pasture,
December 1974, by Al Madsen.
20

Newspaper
Montage of 1974 mutilation reports:

Rapid City Journal, Rapid City, S. Dakota, September 29 and November 7,1974.
The St. Paul Pioneer Press Dispatch, St. Paul, Minnesota, December 3, 1974.
Starbuck Times, Starbuck, Minnesota, November 28,1974.
Swift County Monitor, Benson, Minnesota, November 29, 1974.
21

Newspaper
“Weird, mysterious killing of cattle reported”,
Great Falls Tribune, Great Falls, Montana,
February 13, 1975.
23

Newspaper
“U.S. Reports Visits of UFOs to Bases”,
© The Washington Post, via Denver Post,
January 19, 1979.
28

Newspaper
“Who or What, Mutilates Cattle?”
The Idaho Statesman, Boise, Idaho,
July 6, 1975.
29

Newspaper
“Death of Deer Near Idaho City Resembles
Mutilations of Cattle”, The Idaho Statesman,
Boise, Idaho, July 7,1975.
30

Photograph
Close-up of “cookie cutter” excision in
mutilated cow, Great Falls, Montana, 1975,
by Cascade County Sheriffs office.
32

Newspaper
“Wyoming New Victim of Mutilation Panic”,
Record Stockman, Wheat Ridge, Colorado,
October 2, 1975.
33

Newspaper
“Cattle Mutilations - Ranchers Arming
Themselves”, Colorado Springs Sun,
Colorado Springs, Colorado, October 5, 1975.
34-35

Newspaper
“Cattle Mutilations, UFOs Are Talk of
Logan County”, Gazette Telegraph,
Colorado Springs, Colorado, April 24,1977.
37

Photographs
“Big Mama and Baby UFOs”,
Journal-Advocate, Sterling, Colorado,
December 1976 - February 1977
by Reporter Bill Jackson.
37

Newspaper
“Do UFOs Fly in Colorado?” Gazette Telegraph,
Colorado Springs, Colorado, April 24, 1977.
40-41

Photographs
UFOs over Sterling, Colorado,
Journal-Advocate, © 1976 by Bill Jackson.
UFOs over Ashdown, Arkansas, © 1988,
Little River News, by Jim Williamson.
42

Newspaper
“Cattle mangled by UFOs?” Globe-News,
Amarillo, Texas, May 1978.
43

Newspaper
“Cattle-killing puzzle spread across border”,
Edmunton Journal, Edmunton, Alberta, Canada,
October 9, 1979.
43

Photograph
Polaroid of mutilated steer by Logan
County Sheriff Tex Graves, Sterling,
Colorado, September 8, 1975.
45

Photograph
Author with Sheriff Lou Girodo,
Las Animas County, Colorado,
November 1988 by Randy Byers.
47

Drawing
Sketch of UFO that hovered over cattle
in Bosler, Wyoming, Fall 1976, by Pat McGuire.
49

Drawing
Sketch of grey alien being,
September 24, 1979, by Judy Doraty.
60

Document
Bill English phone message and Project
GRUDGE Report No. 13, March 1980.
61-63

Photograph
Polaroid of mutilated cow in northeastern
Colorado, September 11, 1976,
Logan County Sheriff s office.

65
Photograph
Polaroid of tripod pattern in ground near
Gilham Ranch mutilation site, September 11, 1976,
Logan County Sheriff.

66
Photograph
Polaroid close-up of Gilham Ranch cow’s head
near tripod marks, September 11, 1976,
Logan County Sheriff.
67

Photograph
Polaroid, head of Budin Ranch mutilated cow
bloodless excisions, 1976, Logan County Sheriff.
68

Photograph
Polaroid, lower jaw excision of Karg Ranch
mutilated cow, August 1975, Logan County Sheriff.
69

Photograph
Polaroid, carcass ravaged by natural
predators, August 1975, Logan County Sheriff.
70

Magazine
TV Guide, May 24-30, 1980, ad for
A Strange Harvest broadcast May 25, 1980.
71

Document
El Paso County Sheriff s Offense Report about
mutilation of cow on the Bill and Linda Dzuris
ranch east of Colorado Springs, Colorado
September 9, 1982.
76

Photograph
Mutilated cow on the Dzuris ranch east of
Colorado Springs, Colorado, September 9, 1982,
by Linda Dzuris.
77

Photograph
Close-up of bloodless udder cut in half, Dzuris
mutilation, September 9, 1982, by Linda Dzuris.

78
Photograph
Close-up cow’s head and bulging eye,
Dzuris mutilation, Sept. 9, 1982, by Linda Dzuris.
79

Document
Daggett County Sheriff s Offense Report,
bull calf mutilation in Manila, Utah,
October 22, 1982.
81

Photographs
Mutilated bull calf, Manila, Utah,
October 22,1982, Daggett County Sheriff.
82

Document
Wyoming veterinarian’s report, hole in cow
skull, November 23, 1982.
84

Photograph
Time lapse, zigzag light movement, Ashdown,
Arkansas, February 4, 1988, Little River News.
88

Newspaper
“Astronomer observes objects”, Little River News,
Ashdown, Arkansas, February 4, 1988.
89

Newspaper
“Animal Mutilations Still Puzzle Officials”,
South Shore Press, Long Island, New York,
February 2, 1988.
92

Document
Weld County Sheriff s Crime Report about
calf mutilation on the William McKay
Ranch, Greeley, Colorado, May 14, 1988.
93-94

Photographs
Mutilated calf, McKay Ranch, Greeley, Colorado,
May 14, 1988, by Weld County
Deputy Sheriff Mike Stark.
95

Photograph
Mutilated pregnant heifer on the L.C. Wyatt farm
near Hope, Arkansas, Little River News,
Ashdown, Arkansas, March 10, 1989,
by Juanita Stripling.
96

Photograph
Four pregnant, dead heifers in line on
Wyatt farm near Hope, Arkansas,
Little River News, Ashdown, Arkansas,
March 10, 1989, by Juanita Stripling.
97

Photograph
Unborn calf inside unbroken embryo sac,
Wyatt farm near Hope, Arkansas,
March 10, 1989, Little River News.
98

Photograph
“Cookie cutter” excision of heifer on the
Wyatt farm near Hope, Arkansas,
Little River News, Ashdown, Arkansas,
March 11, 1989, by Jim Williamson.
99

Photograph
Pregnant cow’s bloodless belly excision,
Wyatt farm near Hope, Ark., Little River News,
March 11, 1989, by Jim Williamson.
100

Photograph
Photomicrograph No. 1, Arkansas Mutilator’s
Cut Line, March 23, 1989, John Altshuler, M..D.
101

Photograph
Photomicrograph No. 2, Arkansas “String Bean”
Cell Destruction from High Heat,
March 23, 1989, by John Altshuler, M.D.
102

Photograph
Photomicrograph No. 3, cooked tissue
from Arkansas cow, March 23,1989, by
John Altshuler, M.D.
103

Photograph
Photomicrograph No. 4, no inflammation,
rapid heat and tissue death, March 23,1989,
by John Altshuler, M..D.
104

Photograph
Mutilator’s “high heat” cut of steer’s tail
hair contrasted with hot scissors cut
October 30, 1981, by author.
105

Map
U.S. and Canada mutilation reports, 1967-2014.
107

Map
Worldwide mutilation reports since 1967.
108

Newspaper
“Cover-up alleged over UFO-linked animal
slaughter”, Sunday Times, Perth, Australia,
July 15, 1984.
111

Newspaper
“Ranchers shaking heads over mysterious
cow deaths”, Norfolk Daily News, Norfolk,
Nebraska, September 30, 1988.
112
Newspaper
“Bovine beasts, humans share ‘perfect,
match’ chromosomes”, Texarkana Gazette,
Texarkana, Texas, February 27, 1984.
113 & 115

Photographs
Pastel drawings of grey alien beings by
abducted man under hypnosis, July 5, 1984.
Photographs by author.
126

Photograph
Pastel drawing of grey alien EBEN by male
abductee under hypnosis, July 5, 1984.
Photograph by author.
127

Photograph
Charcoal drawing of grey alien being by
male abductee under hypnosis, July 5, 1984.
Photograph by author.
128

Photographs
Pastel drawings of craft by male abductee
under hypnosis with Richard Sigismund,
July 5, 1984. Photographs by author.
129

Drawing
Big Nose Grey “Archquloid” drawn by
Navy quartermaster Bill Cooper on Jan. 20, 1989.
144

Drawings
ET “Trilateral Insignia” symbol sketched by
policeman Lonnie Zamora, Socorro,
New Mexico, April 24, 1964.
151

Drawing
Small, grey ET android hand, head and body,
Leonard H. Stringfield’s The UFO Crash/Retrieval
Syndrome, Status Report II January 1980.
168

Newspaper
“‘Objects’ Outstrip Jets Over Capital”,
The New York Times, July 28, 1952.
170

Document
“Briefing Document: Operation MJ-12
Prepared for President-Elect Dwight D.
Eisenhower”, November 18, 1952.
171-178

Chart
Flow chart of MJ-12 authority created by
William Moore and Jaime Shandera for
UFOS: Government Coverup-Live, October 14, 1988.
181

Drawings
Alien symbols drawn by Navy quartermaster
Bill Cooper in December 18, 1988, release on
CompuServe and Paranet.
183

Computer
TOP SECRET/MAJIC PROJECT GRUDGE/
AQUARIUS statement on CompuServe and
Paranet by Bill Cooper, December 18, 1988.
185-197

Drawing
“Alien alphabet” compared to English
alphabet given to New York abductee in 1955.
198

Seal
Tibetan script printed from an engraved seal.
199

Computer
Bill Cooper’s CompuServe and Paranet
statement about why he released the TOP
SECRET/MAJIC PROJECT GRUDGE/
AQUARIUS information.
200-202

Drawing
Little Gray android with black eye protection,
by Bill Cooper, January 20, 1989.
205

Drawing
“3 Against Wall”, Big Nose Greys by
Bill Cooper, January 20, 1989.
209

Drawing
Big Nose Gray eye with bright, vertical pupil
by Bill Cooper, January 20, 1989.
210

Drawing
Front view and profile of Big Nose Grey
by Bill Cooper, January 20,1989.
211

Drawing
Alien trilateral insignia on ET uniforms seen in photos
by Bill Cooper, drawn Jan. 20, 1989.
215

Photograph
Unknown glowing aerial object above Rural
Electric substation, Ashdown, Arkansas,
January 28, 1988, Little River News.
236-237

Newspaper
“Reagan muses on space threat”,
Rocky Mountain News, Denver, Colorado,
May 5,1988.
241

Letter
Justice for Military Personnel (J.M.P.) request
to Pres. Ronald Reagan, Sept. 4,1987.
242-245

Letters
From Linda Moulton Howe to HBO; and
to AFOSI Special Agent Richard C. Doty,
April to June, 1983.
252-256

Letters
From Linda Moulton Howe to Just Cause,
and from Richard C. Doty to Cause.
258-263

Newspaper
“UFOS: U.S. reports tell of five sightings
in 1980 over Kirtland; city man claims
alien contact”, The Albuquerque Tribune,
Albuquerque, New Mexico, April 8,1983.
265-266

Newspaper
“Government Reports Describe UFO
Sightings at KAFB in ‘80”, Albuquerque
Journal, Albuquerque, Mew Mexico,
April 9,1983.
267

Document
Kirtland AFB Complaint Form about UFO
intrusion into Manzano Weapons Storage,
area, August 8 and 11, 1980.
268-269

Documents
Kirtland AFB Interoffice OSI Form about
Paul Bennewitz; and “Alleged Sightings of
Unidentified Aerial Lights in Restricted
Test Range”, October 28,1980.
270-273

Document
Ellsworth AFB, SD: Complaint Report about
ETs disarm nuclear missile, Nov. 16, 1977.
275-277

Documents
McGuire AFB, NJ: “Response for Request
of Information in Relation to UFO Contact”
to Leonard Stringfield from USAF Security
Police Squadron re: alien being shot
at McGuire AFB, January 18, 1978.
279-282

Letter
From George Green to Linda Moulton Howe
about his eyewitness account of a UFO at
Edwards AFB, California, 1958.
284

Documents
Project AQUARIUS
286-298

Documents
Project SNOWBIRD
300-301

Document
DD-214 Honorable Discharge for Milton
William Cooper from U.S.Navy on
December 11, 1975.
444

Document
Notarized Sworn Statement by Milton
William Cooper on February 20, 1989.
304

Computer
“OPERATIONS MAJORITY (MAJORITY
TWELVE) FINAL RELEASE” by Bill
Cooper on CompuServe and Paranet,
January 10, 1989.
305-312

Letter
1989 Robert Swan confirmation of
discussion about UFOs and ETs
with Bill Cooper, 1972.
313

Document
Office Memorandum to Director, FBI
about “Flying Saucers”, March 22, 1950.
406

Letter
From Major Donald Keyhoe, USMC,
Retired, about UFOs, April 25, 1980.
408

Newspaper
“Slaughter continues”, Ranchland Farm
News, Simla, Colorado, August 28, 1975.
410-411

Newspaper
“Are Cow Killers from outer space?”
The Observer, New Mexico, August 23, 1977.
412

Newspaper
“Cattle Mutilations, UFOs, Are Talk of Logan
County”, Gazette Telegraph, Colorado Springs,
Colorado, September 6, 1977.
413

Newspaper
“Cattle Mutilation Case Number 85 Leaves
Sheriff as Stumped as Ever”, Gazette Telegraph,
Colorado Springs, Colorado, October 24, 1977.
414-415

Newspaper
“Phantom Butchers in Sweden”, The Info
Journal, Arlington, Virginia, January 1977.
416

Newspaper
“UFO link with pony deaths”, Daily
News and Mercury, Durban, South Africa,
July 15,1977.
417

Newspaper
Cattle mangled by UFOs?” Amarillo Globe-
News, Amarillo, Texas, May 1978.
418

Newspaper
‘The mystery of animal mutilations”,
Oregon Herald, Albany, Oregon, July 18,1979.
419

Newspaper
“Mutilations - Predators ... or UFOs?”,
Greeley Tribune, Greeley, Colorado,
November 2,1980.
420-422

Newspaper
“Mutilation At Mikitas”, Ranchland Farm
News, Simla, Colorado, October 7, 1982.
423

Newspaper
“Phantom surgeons strike again”,
Ranchland Farm News, Simla, Colorado,
September 19, 1985.
424-425

Newspaper
“Scoffers, Believers Abound In
Mutilated-Cattle Mystery”, The
Washington Post, Washington, D.C.,
January 1,1986.
426-427

Newspaper
“Mutilation Method on Texas Calf Puzzles
Veterinarian”, Gazette Telegraph, Colorado,
Springs, Colorado, February 8, 1976.
428

Newspaper
Montage: Advertiser-Gleam, Guntersville,
Alabama, July 30, 1986; Rio Grande Sun,
Espahola, New Mexico, July 19, 1986;
Salt Lake City Tribune, Utah, July 1986.
429

Newspaper
“Rancher claims officials ignore cow
mutilations”, Gazette Telegraph, Colorado
Springs, Colorado, February 2, 1986.
430

Newspaper
“Mutilated cows found on farms”, Hope Star,
Hope, Arkansas, April 11, 1987; “40 animal deaths
are a mystery”, The Huntsville Times, Huntsville,
Alabama, October 11, 1987.
431

Letter
From former U.S. Senator Harrison Schmitt
of New Mexico to a constituent re: animal
mutilations, March 14, 1979.
446

Magazine
“The Mutilators”, Alberta Report, Calgary
Alberta, Canada, September 7, 1979.
433

Newspaper
“If Coyote Mutilates, It Has Dental Skills”,
Gazette Telegraph, Colorado Springs, Colorado,
July, 29,1976.


=====================================================================
Bibliography


ADAMS, Tom. The Choppers... And The Choppers: Mystery helicopters and animal mutilations, © 1980s, Project Stigma, Paris, Texas.

BOURRET, Jean-Claude. The Crack In The Universe. What you have not been told about flying saucers, © 1974, translated from the French by Gordon
Creighton, Neville Spearman Ltd., London.

BRAMLEY William. The Gods of Eden, © 1989, Dahlin Family Press,
San Jose, California. 

BOWEN, Charles. The Humanoids, © 1969, Neville Spearman Ltd., London.

BUTLER, Brenda, Dot Street and Jenny Randles. Sky Crash, © 1984, Neville Spearman Ltd., London.

DALTON, John J. The Cattle Mutilators, © 1980, Manor Books, Inc., New York.

DOLAN, Richard M. UFOs & The National Security State, Volumes I and II,
© 2000 and 2009, Keyhole Publishing Co., Rochester, NY

EMENEGGER, Robert. UFO’S: Past, Present & Future, © 1974, Ballantine Books, New York.

EVANS, Hilary. Visions, Apparitions, Alien Visitors: A comparative study of the entity enigma, © 1984, The Aquarian Press, Wellingborough, England.

FAWCETT, Lawrence and Barry Greenwood. Clear Intent: The government cover-up of the UFO experience, © 1984, Prentice Hall, New Jersey.

FOWLER, Raymond. The Andreasson Affair, 2 Volumes © 1979, Prentice Hall, NJ.

FREEMANTLE, Brian. CIA, © 1984, Stein & Day, Briarcliff Manor, New York.

FRIEDMAN, Stanton & Kathleen Marden. CAPTURED! The Betty and Barney Hill UFO Experience, © 2007, New Page Books, New Jersey.

FRIEDMAN, Stanton and Don Berliner. Crash At Corona: The U. S. Military Retrieval and Cover-up of a UFO, © 1992, Paragon House, NY

FULLER, John. The Interrupted Journey: The documented case of contact with alien beings, © 1966, Berkley Medallion Books.

GOOD, Timothy. Above Top Secret: The worldwide UFO cover-up, © 1987, Sidgwick & Jackson Ltd., London; and 1988, William Morrow and Co., New York.

GOODMAN, Jeffrey. The Genesis Mystery: A startling new theory of outside intervention in the development of modern man, © 1983, Times Books, a division of New York Times Book Company, Inc., New York.

HALL, Richard. Uninvited Guests: A documented history of UFO sightings, alien encounters and coverups, © 1988, Aurora Press, Santa Fe, New Mexico.

HOPKINS, Budd. Intruders: The incredible visitations at Copley Woods, © 1987, Random House, New York.

HOPKINS, Budd. Missing Time: A documented study of UFO abductions, © 1981, Richard Marek Publishers, New York.

HOWE, Linda Moulton. A Strange Harvest: A documentary film investigation of worldwide animal mutilations linked to UFOs, © 1980 and 1988, Linda Moulton Howe Productions, Albuquerque, New Mexico.
[ See Earthfiles.com Shop for all Howe books and documentaries.]

HOWE, Linda Moulton. An Alien Harvest, Further Evidence Linking Animal Mutilations and Human Abductions to Alien Life Forms, 1st Edition © 1989,
Linda Moulton Howe Productions, Albuquerque, New Mexico.

HOWE, Linda Moulton. Glimpses of Other Realities, Vol. I: Facts & Eyewitnesses, © 1993, Linda Moulton Howe Productions, Albuquerque, New Mexico.

HOWE, Linda Moulton. Glimpses of Other Realities, Vol. II: High Strangeness,
© 1998, Linda Moulton Howe Productions, Albuquerque, New Mexico.

HOWE, Linda Moulton. Mysterious Lights and Crop Circles, © 2000 and 2002, Linda Moulton Howe Productions, Albuquerque, New Mexico.

HYNEK, J. Allen. The UFO Experience: A scientific inquiry, © 1972, Ballantine Books, New York.

KEEL, John A. Why UFOs: Operation Trojan Horse, © 1970, Manor Books, New York.

KEEL, John A. Our Haunted Planet, © 1971, Fawcett Publications, Greenwich, Conn.

KEEL, John A. The Mothman Prophecies, © 1975, Panther Books, London.

KEEL, John A. The Eighth Tower, © 1975, Signet Books, New York.

KEYHOE, Donald. Flying Saucers From Outer Space, © 1953, Henry Holt & Co.

KEYHOE, Donald. The Flying Saucers Conspiracy, © 1955, Henry Holt & Co.

KEYHOE, Donald. Flying Saucers, Top Secret, © 1960, G.P. Putnam’s Sons, New York.

KEYHOE, Donald. Aliens From Space. The real story of unidentified flying objects from secret Washington archives, eyewitness testimonies and official scientific findings, © 1973, Signet Books, New York.

KINDER, Gary. Light Years: An investigation into the extraterrestrial experiences of Eduard Meier, © 1987, Atlantic Monthly Press, New York.

LITTRELL, Helen and Jean Bilodeaux. Raechel’s Eyes: The Strange But True Case of A Human-Alien Hybrid, © 2005, Wild Flower Press, Columbus, North Carolina.

LORENZEN, Coral. Flying Saucers: The startling evidence of the invasion from outer space, © 1962 and 1966, Signet Books, New York.

MACK, John E., M. D. Abduction: Human Encounters -with Aliens, © 1994 Macmillan, Canada, and Scribner’s, New York.

MARRS, JIM. Crossfire: The Plot That Killed Kennedy, © 1989, Avalon Publishing Group, New York.

MARRS, Jim. Alien Agenda - Investigating the Extraterrestrial Presence Among Us, © 1997, HarperCollins, New York.

MARRS, Jim. Rule By Secrecy: The Hidden History That Connects The Trilateral Commission, The Freemasons and the Great Pyramids, © 2000, HarperCollins, NY

MARRS, Jim. Our Occulted History: Do the Global Elite Conceal Ancient Aliens ? © 2013, HarperCollins, New York.

RING, Kenneth. The Omega Project: Near-Death Experiences, UFO Encounters, and Mind at Large, © 1992, William Morrow, New York

RUPPELT, Edward. The Report On Unidentified Flying Objects, © 1956, Doubleday and Co., New York.

RUTLEDGE, Professor Harley. Project Identification: The first scientific field study of UFO phenomena, © 1981, Prentice Hall, New Jersey.

SANCHEZ, Anthony F. UFO Highway: Are You Ready For The Truth? © 2010 and
2011, Strange Lights Publishing, Rocklin, California.

SAUDER, Richard, Ph.D. Underground Bases & Tunnels: What is the Government Trying to Hide? © 1996 & 2014, Adventures Unlimited Press, Kempton, III.

SAUNDERS, David and Roger Harkins. UFOs? Yes!: Where the Condon Committee went wrong, © 1969, World Publishing Co., New York.

STEINMAN, William and Wendelle Stevens. UFO Crash At Aztec, © 1987, American West Distributors, Boulder, Colorado.

STRIEBER, Whitley. Communion: A true story, © 1987, William Morrow Books, New York City.

STRIEBER, Whitely. Transformation: The breakthrough, © 1988, William Morrow Books, New York.

STRINGFIELD, Leonard. Situation Red: The UFO Siege, © 1977, Fawcett Crest Books, New York.

TEMPLE, Robert KG. The Sirius Mystery: Was earth visited by intelligent beings from a planet in the system of the star of Sirius? © 1976 and 1987, Destiny Books, VT.

VALLEE, Jacques. Anatomy Of A Phenomenon: A scientific appraisal of UFOs in space, © 1967, Henry Regnery Co., Chicago, Illinois.

VALLEE, Jacques. Passport To Magonia:From folklore to flying saucers, © 1969, Henry Regnery Co., Chicago, Illinois.

VALLEE, Jacques. The Invisible College: What a group of scientists has discovered about UFO influences on the human race, © 1975, E.P. Dutton, New York.

VALLEE, Jacques. Messengers Of Deception: UFO contacts and cults, © 1979, And/Or Press, Berkeley, California.

VALLEE, Jacques. Dimensions: A casebook of alien contact, © 1988, Contemporary Books, Chicago, Illinois.

WALTON, Travis. Fire in the Sky, The Walton Experience, © 1997, Marlowe & Co., NY

WATKINS, Leslie. Alternative 3, © 1979, Sphere Books, London.


=====================================================================
Index


Abductions, Human v, xvi, 57, 86, 113, 115,120-133, 137, 139, 156-160, 166,193, 198, 204, 216, 231, 239, 311, 353-354
Cimarron, NM Abduction 116-120, 158, 239, 353, 368, 387
Houston, TX Judy Doraty 50, 61, 75, 113, 158, 239, 314-352, 439
Longmont, CO Abduction 120-130
New Hampshire Betty and Barney Hill 160, 195, 233,450
Abounader, Jean 140, 161
Adams, Tom 46, 109, 141
Agreement, ETs with U.S. Government 125, 139, 156, 186, 188, 196, 212, 216-219,230, 310, 392
Air Force Material Command, Intelligence Div. 189
Air Force Office of Special Investigations (AFOSI) xvi, 138, 142, 148, 152, 157,162-163, 238, 251, 258, 260, 444
Alamogordo 393
ALF, Alien Life Forms v, 193, 310
Alien Autopsies 4, 164-167, 179, 203
Altshuler, John Henry, M. D. 2-3, 101-104,442
Anderson, Don ix, 8, 437
Animal Mutilations. See Mutilations, Animals
Apollo Astronauts 191, 309
APRO 64, 116, 354
AQUARIUS Cable 149, 306-307
AQUARIUS, Project 139, 146, 149, 157, 185-190, 194, 239, 259, 285-298, 308, 443,445-447
Archquloids 125, 143-145,156, 231-232
Archuleta Mountain 139
Arcturus Books vi, 131
Area 51, Nevada 125, 139, 156-157, 190-191, 196, 221, 225-227, 308, 310
Argonne National Laboratory 145, 154
Army 5, 155, 163, 220-221, 247, 249, 311, 358
Ashdown, Arkansas iii, 42, 88-89, 96-100, 235, 439, 441, 444
Assyrians 144
A Strange Harvest ii, xiv-xvi, 48-49, 51, 61, 71-72, 105, 137, 141, 148, 151, 239,314, 434, 440
Atomic Energy Commission (AEC) 250
Australia 6, 108, 111, 442
Autopsies, Alien or ET 4, 113, 164-167, 179, 203, 248
Aztec, New Mexico 153, 165, 259, 311
Badges, Military 196, 222, 226, 258
Bennewitz, Paul E 148, 151, 258, 354, 368, 375, 380, 445
Berkner, Dr. Lloyd Viel 250
Bhutan 199
Bigfoot, Sasquatch 12-13, 32-33
Bigfoot, “Disappeared in flash of light” 32-33
Bilodeaux, Jean 156
Bloodless Excisions 27, 44-45, 68, 78, 93, 97, 100, 108, 434, 440, 442
BLUE BOOK, Project 146, 148, 155, 165, 184, 186, 194, 197, 202-203, 391
Blue Room, Pentagon 145
Blue Team 189
Boise, Idaho 29-30, 44, 438
Bonvicin, Lt. Col. Emmanuel F. 143
Bounty Hunters, Area 51 225
Briggsdale, CO 73-74
Bronk, Detlev Wulf, Ph.D. 164-167, 179, 250
Bryant, Larry 162-163, 238, 257-263
Bush, Vannevar, Ph.D. 164, 247
Canada 6, 26, 43, 108, 259, 439, 442, 448
Canary Islands 6, 108, 110, 259
Carr, Robert 402
Carter, President Jimmy 153
Cascade County Sheriff, Montana 26, 32, 46, 79, 438
Casy, William J., CIA Director 145
Cattle Mutilators, The 135
Cautery High Heat 41, 98, 101-105, 442
Cell Separation 73, 114
Center for UFO Studies (CUFOS) 146
Central America 6, 108
Central Intelligence Act of 1949 179
Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) 5, 50, 138, 145-146, 152, 155, 163, 179-180, 186,189-190, 247-249, 307-308
Central Intelligence Group (CIG) 179, 248-249
Cerulean Blue Light Beam 120
Chicken Mutilations 90
Chlorophyll 168, 194, 206-207
Chop, A1 392
Chromosomes 114, 442
Cimarron, NM Abduction 116, 120, 158, 239, 353-387
Circles In Pasture 18-20, 24, 438
Citizens Against UFO Secrecy (CAUS) 138, 140-141, 148, 162-163, 238, 257-258
Clarey, Adm. Bernard, Commander In Chief, Pacific Fleet (U. S. Navy) 143, 183, 202,219, 306
Close Encounters of the Third Kind 140, 159
Coleman, Col. William “Billy” 146
Colonel UAF with EBE 154, 159-162
Colorado Bureau of Investigation (CBI) 15, 50
Colorado Cattlemen’s Assoc. 24
Colorado Springs, Colorado 15, 33, 34, 37, 41, 72, 74, 77, 80, 412-417, 430, 432,437-440, 446- 447
Communion 169
Compton, Karl, MIT 164
“Condor” 196
“Cookie Cutter” Cuts 14, 27, 32, 68, 97, 99, 438
Cooper, Milton William 143-145, 183-211, 220-221, 239, 302, 305-312, 443-446
“Country Club” 219
Cow Mutilations xii, 14-15, 24-26, 50, 53, 74, 79-80, 85-86, 109, 114, 132, 169,341, 354, 368, 371, 375, 381, 386, 438-439
Coyne, Lawrence 403
Crystal Comunicator, ET 195, 219
Cults 16, 72
Custer County, Nebraska 16
Dalton, John J. 135
Dark Helicopters 16, 31
Deer Mutilations 90, 438
Defense Advance Research Projects Agency (DARPA) 232
Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) 138, 155, 166, 231, 308
Delta (Military Security) 191, 196, 220, 222-224, 309
Denver, Colorado ii, xv-xvi, 2-4, 37, 44, 71-72, 87, 101, 105, 120, 141, 152, 161,241, 249, 259, 438, 444
Department of Defense (DoD) 146, 249, 391, 394, 398
Dimensions iii, 131
DNA 114-115, 157, 160, 231, 233
Dog Mutilations 90-91, 109-110, 142, 204, 393
Donielson, Allen, Iowa U.S. Atty. 14
Donovan, Roberta 32
Doolittle, Lt. General James 311
Doraty, Judy 50-61, 75, 113, 158, 239, 314-352, 439
Doty, Richard C. 138-141, 147-163, 238, 251, 257-260, 444-445
Dreamland, Area 51, Nevada 190-191, 196, 308
Duck Mutilations 90, 376
Duesler, Capt. James F. 155
Dulce, New Mexico 139, 169, 310
Dzuris, Bill and Linda 74-80, 440
Edwards AFB, California 196-197, 221, 226, 238, 283-284, 445
Edwards Hanger No. 1051	197
Edwards North Base 196, 222
Einstein, Albert 193
Eisenhower, President Dwight D. Briefing Document 6,163-179, 186, 238, 246, 307,443
Elbert County, Colorado 33, 80, 87, 106
Ellsworth AFB, South Dakota 138-140, 147, 152, 238, 445
Emenegger, Robert vi, 141-147, 150, 153, 159, 162-163, 166, 203, 239, 260,388-404,449
English, William 61 -64,210
E. T. movie by Spielberg 161
E. T. or ET, Extraterrestrials ii, xv-xvii, 55, 75, 114, 116, 139-140, 144-145, 155-160,166, 169, 179, 181, 195-196, 208, 220, 230-232, 238, 248, 259-260, 274, 400,443-446
ET Aerial Lights 445
ET Androids 114, 125, 165-166, 168, 208, 230-231
ET, AQUARIUS Project 139, 146, 149, 157, 185-190, 194, 239, 259, 285-298,306-308, 443-445
ET Archquloids 125,127, 145, 156
ET Autopsies 4, 113, 164-167, 179, 203, 248
ET “Big Nose Greys” 125, 127, 145, 156, 208, 211-217, 231-232, 444
ET Bloodless cut of jugular vein 6
ET, Bloodless Organ Removal xii, 4, 14, 18, 53, 83, 90-91, 116-117, 166-167,208, 216, 229, 232-233, 341, 384
ET Excisions, High Heat 32, 68, 73, 91, 98-101, 108, 438, 440-442
ET, Briefing Papers
AQUARIUS, Project 139, 146, 149, 157, 185-190, 194, 239, 259, 285-298,306-308, 443-445
Cooper Papers 143-145, 183-211, 220-221, 239, 302, 305-312, 443-446
Eisenhower, President Dwight D. Briefing 163-164, 171-180, 186, 238, 246-247,249, 307, 443
ET Control System 131
ET Craft ii, xvi, 6, 38, 59, 75, 88, 114, 116-117, 120-122, 124, 126, 128-129,131, 139, 141-142, 144, 148, 150-151, 153, 157, 159-160, 168, 187, 189-204,219, 231, 259, 305, 308-310, 316, 321-323, 327-329, 331-332, 337, 341,343-344, 348, 352, 397, 398-399, 401, 443
ET Crash Retrievals 166
Ground Markings 2, 4, 17, 19, 23-24, 31, 38, 55, 64, 66, 72-74, 80, 85-87,90, 93, 98-99, 109-110, 133, 135, 150, 152, 155-156, 159-160, 226, 230,344, 359, 364, 369,	378, 380,	382-383,	386-387, 398, 440
ET EBEs, EBENs 120-130,135,145,153-164,	167, 169,196, 231-232, 259, 310, 443
ET “Guests” 194-196, 310
ET Human Abductions, see Abductions, Human
ET Hybrids 125, 156, 193, 195, 231, 233, 310
ET Physical Description 114, 131, 134, 233
Eyes, Black (lenses) 114, 158, 166
Eyes, Cat Vertical Pupils 60-61, 144, 166, 204
Eyes, Snake Vertical Pupils 60-61, 143, 158
Feeding 193, 216, 387
Feet 44, 168,-169
Fingers 61, 118, 121,	135, 153,	165, 169,	204, 357, 359, 364,	381-382
Floating Entities 116,	321, 327, 331, 344,	355, 379, 380-381
Greys: Androids, Clones and Hybrids See: Extraterrestrial Biological Entities
Insects 165
“Nordic Blonds” 158, 258, 310
Odors 2, 6, 122, 135, 360-361, 368, 371, 376, 384
“Orange” 204, 310, 378
Praying Mantis 165
Reptilian Humanoids 144, 154, 158, 166, 231
Ruffled Collars 118, 120, 122, 379
Skin, Woven 4, 53, 59, 61, 91, 114, 144, 150, 152, 158, 165, 167-168, 194,198, 204-206, 208, 215, 341, 364, 376, 381
Symbols 151, 197-198, 215, 443-444
Tall Blackhairs 231
Tall Blonds, “Nordics” 166, 231
Tall Redhairs, “Orange” 231
Tall Whites 231
Tails 157-158, 258
Telepathy 169
Uniform Insignias 197, 223, 361
ET Pilot Exchange 140
ET Prime Intelligence 165,231
ET Religious Manipulation 193, 259
ET Technology and Weapons 125, 140, 169, 192, 218, 233, 259, 309, 311, 400
3D Holograms 125
Cerulean Blue Light Beam 120
Cloaked Invisible Craft 192-193
“Helicopters” 25-26, 33, 46, 51, 72, 90, 306-307, 395
Implants 193, 311
Rapid Cycle Cloning 127,156
“Small Jet Planes” 26
Underground Colony/Laboratories 26, 116, 120, 125, 139, 152, 154, 156-158,191-192, 225, 227, 309, 382
Woven Artificial Skin 165
ET Treaty with U.S. Government 125, 139, 156, 186, 188, 196, 208, 212, 216-219,230, 308-310, 392
ET Trilateral Insignias 151, 371, 443
ET Uniform Insignias 197, 223, 361
ET “Yellow Book” 194-195,310
Europe 6, 108, 259
EXCALIBUR, Project 192, 309
Extraterrestrial Biological Entities, EBEs or EBENs 120-130,135,145,153-164, 167,169,196, 231-232,259, 310, 443
F-106 Jet Interceptors 26

“Falcon” 159, 180, 195-196
Fawcett, Larry 141, 146, 148, 162, 257-260
FBI Memo, UFOs 239, 406
Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) 14-15, 239, 399, 405, 434, 437, 446
Feola, Mario, M.D. 115
Fish, Marjorie 160
Floating Entities 31, 41
Ford, John 90-91
Foreign Technology Division (FTD) 145-146
Forrestal, James Vincent 136, 179, 247
Fort Belvoir, Virginia 155
Fort Carson, Colorado (Army) 33, 191, 224, 309
Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) xvi, xvii, 26, 138, 148, 163, 268-273
Friend, Robert 391-392, 401
GABRIEL, Project 169, 192
GARNET, Project 156,259, 308
Geiger Counter 24
Genes 114, 160, 231, 233
Gersten, Peter 138-139, 141, 148, 258
“Ghost Rockets” 311
Girard, Bob ix, 131, 134, 233
Girodo, Lou vii, 47-48, 439
GLEEM, Project 155
Goat Mutilations 14, 24, 90, 110
Godman Field, Kentucky 155
Gorillas, Bigfoot 12-13
Grass, Charlene 104
Graves, Tex Sheriff 23, 38, 44-48, 68-69, 439
Gray, Gordon 249
Great Falls, Montana 23, 25-26, 32, 43, 46, 79, 438
Great Lakes 11
Great Sand Dunes National Monument 3
Green, George 445
Greenwood, Barry 139, 258-260
Groom Lake, Nevada 139, 156-157, 190, 225, 227
Ground Saucer Watch 138
GRUDGE, Project Report 13	155,	165,	184-190,	194,	197,	202-205,	210,	216,	307,439, 443-444
“Guests”, Alien 194-196, 310
Guided Missile Subcommittee 164
Gulf Breeze, Florida 88
Haldeman, Robert 142
Haley, Frank 260, 388-405
Hanger No. 1051	197
Haskell, Floyd 15
Helicopters 16, 31-32, 46-48, 159, 190-191
Hemoglobin, Cow 115
Hill, Betty and Barney 154, 160,195,450
Hillenkoetter, Roscoe Henry, CIA Director, 1947-1950 163, 179, 247
Hoeppner, Iona 73, 74
Holloman AFB, New Mexico 141-150, 153, 157, 159, 161, 187, 202, 217, 231, 239,260, 310, 388, 391, 393-403
Home Box Office (HBO) ii, xvi, 137-141, 147, 159, 161-163, 238, 249, 251, 258-260,444
Homo sapiens 50, 156, 164, 230-233, 308, 310
Hopkins, Budd 113, 116, 130
Horse Mutilations 4-6, 101, 437
Howe, Linda Moulton ii, xiii, xiv, 47, 59, 126, 238, 257, 260, 444-445, 470
Humanization Project 156-157
Human Mutilations 27, 113, 135, 216
Human Ova and Sperm 113-114, 156, 193, 311
Hunsaker, Dr. Jerome Clark 248-249
Hybrids 125, 156, 193, 195, 231, 233, 310
Hynek, J. Allen Ph.D. Astronomer 146, 150, 391, 398
Ice Cave, Los Alamos, New Mexico 194
Identified Aerial Craft (IAC) 186, 190, 194, 307-308
Implants 135, 193, 311
India 199, 311
Infrasound Toxicological Summary 169
Insects 154, 165, 206
Institute for Defense Analysis (ID) 222, 232
Invisible Government, The 179
Iowa 11, 14, 248, 437
Iowa Bureau of Criminal Investigation 14, 437
Jackson, Bill 38-39, 42, 439
Jason Society 307
Jefferson, President Thomas iv
Joint Chiefs of Staff 162, 232, 248
JOSHUA, Project 309
Jung, Carl 232
Just Cause 139, 162-163, 238, 257, 445
Justice for Military Personnel (JMP) 238, 240, 444
Keel, John 50, 133
Kennedy, President John F. 164
Keyhoe, Major (Ret.) Donald 229, 446
Kilo 7, Minuteman Nuclear Missle 25-26
King, Agnes 2
King, Harry 1, 4
Kingman, Arizona 153, 259
Kirtland AFB, New Mexico ii, xvi, 138-139, 145, 147-148, 150-151, 157, 162-163,165, 231, 238, 251, 258, 260, 264, 445
Kissinger, Henry 232
KMGH-TV xiv, 37, 71
KRLL, also KRLLL, CRLL, CRLLL, CRILL, or KRILL 310
KTRH NewsRadio vi, 239, 260, 388-405
Lady, aka Snippy x, 1-11, 101, 229, 437
Lakis, Ron 139
Lamm, Richard Gov. 24-25
Lasers 4-5, 74, 102, 104-106, 142
Lauber, Lynn RCMP 72
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory 154
Lerner, Richard xiv, 52
Lewis, Berle 1, 2, 5
Lewis, Nellie 4, 5
Littrell, Helen 156
Livingston, Ontario, Canada 6
Logan County, Colorado 23, 37-38, 42, 44-45, 65-66, 68-70, 106, 439-440
Long Island, NY 90-91,441
Long Island UFO Network 90-91
Longmont, Colorado 120-130
Lorenzen, Coral and Jim 64
Lorenzo, Alphonso (aka Guillermo Mendoza, Ph.D.) 145-146, 310, 395-397
Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL) 153-154, 192, 194-195
LUNA, Project 191, 309
MAJESTY 307
MAJIC 137, 139, 163, 180, 185-189, 221, 225, 307-308, 443-444
MAJI-Controlled 308
MAJORITY-12 161, 184, 186, 188, 203, 216, 305, 307, 446
Majority Agency for Joint Intelligence (MAJI) 139, 163, 184-189, 193, 306-308
Malmstrom AFB, Montana 25-27, 43
Manhattan Project 154, 164
Mantell, Capt. Thomas 155
Manzano Nuclear Weapons Storage 138, 148, 258, 445
Marrs, Jim xiv-xv
Marshall, Darwood 23
Martinez, Mike 151
Massey, Gary 141
McGuire AFB, New Jersey 238, 278, 445
McGuire, Pat 48-49, 439
McKay, William Ranch 93, 95, 441
Mediastinum, Bloodless 4
Memory Erase 225
Mendoza, Guillermo (aka Alphonso Lorenzo), Ph.D. 145-146, 310, 395-397
Menzel, Prof. Donald Howard 249-250
Merchen, Clayton 86, 105
Mexico 6, 74, 108, 116, 153, 258-259, 311, 397, 447
“Midnight Marauder”, Newsweek 12, 437
Midwest x, 11, 13, 15, 17, 19, 21
MiG-25 147
Miller, Jerald D 147-149,286-287
Minnesota 11-12, 18-23, 437-438
Minuteman Missies 7, 25-27, 264-277
Missile Kilo 7 Minuteman 7, 25-27
Missile Sabotage Alert Team (SAT) 25-26
Missle Target Data Changed by UFO 26
Mitchell, Terrance 12, 20
MJ-12 135, 139, 146, 149, 161, 179-184, 188-189, 238, 246, 249-250, 258-260, 306-308, 311, 443
MJ-12 Agency Flow Chart 180
Montague, Gen. Robert Miller 250
Montana, UFOs Minuteman Missies 7, 25-26, 43, 152
Moore, William 139, 163, 180, 443
Moulton, James R USAF 25
Mount Archuleta 139
Mutilation Map, North America 107
Mutilation Map, Worldwide 108
Mutilations, Animals v-vii, xv, xvi, 5, 12, 15-16, 24-25, 27, 31, 37-38, 43-51, 64,69, 72, 74-75, 80, 83, 85-86, 96, 105-115, 131, 135, 137, 139, 141, 148, 152,158, 216, 259, 354, 368, 375, 434, 437-439, 441, 446-448
Bloodless Excisions 27, 44, 93, 97, 100, 108, 434, 440, 442
Mutilated Cats 90
Mutilated Chickens 90
Mutilated Cows xii, xv, 14-15, 18, 23-26, 30, 44, 48-50, 53, 64, 67, 70, 72,74-86, 96, 98-101, 106, 109, 114-119, 132, 135, 169, 229-230, 341, 354-386,437-449
Mutilated Deer 14, 18, 30, 52, 90-91
Mutilated Dogs 110, 204, 393
Mutilated Ducks 376
Mutilated Goats 14, 24, 90, 110
Mutilated Horses 1, 4-6, 14, 44, 79, 101, 437
Mutilated Pigs 14, 386
Mutilated Rabbits 14
Mutilated Sheep 14, 90
Mutilation Cautery, High Heat 102, 108, 442
Mutilation Cell Separation 4, 73, 114
Mutilation Circles in Pastures 18, 20, 24, 438
Mutilation “Cookie Cutter” Cuts 14, 27, 32, 68, 97, 99, 438
Mutilation Excisions, Lack of Blood 32, 68, 100, 101, 438, 440, 441, 442
Mutilation Horse, Lady x, 1-11, 101, 229, 437
Mutilation Microscopic Tissue Analysis 101 -104
Mutilation, Soil Baked 73
Mutilation Tripod Marks 38, 64, 66-67, 203, 235, 259, 440
Mutual UFO Network (MUFON) 149, 163
Mystery Stalks the Prairie 32
NASA/Goddard ii, 74, 88, 404
National Academy of Sciences 164, 250
National Geospatial Intelligence Agency (GIA) 155
National Reconnaissance Organization (NRO) 155, 191, 196, 224, 309
National Research Council (NRC) 164
National Science Foundation (NSF) 164
National Security Act of 1947 179, 247, 249
National Security Agency (NSA) 138-139, 155, 180, 190, 308
National Security Council (NSC) 249
Naval Observatory 180
Navy 143, 180, 183, 200, 202, 220, 247-249, 306, 443, 445
Nebraska 11, 16, 96, 112, 437, 442
Nellis AFB, Nevada 139, 156-157
New Hampshire, Betty and Barney Hill 160,195,233,450
News Media
20/20 (ABC) 179
60 Minutes (CBS) 158
Advertiser-Gleam, Alabama 431, 447
Alberta Report, Canada 448
Albuquerque Journal, New Mexico 148, 267
Albuquerque Tribune, New Mexico 445
Amarillo GlobeNews, Texas 43, 420, 439, 447
Argus Leader, South Dakota 16, 437, 448
Arkansas Democrat 448
Associated Press 16
Colorado Springs Sun, Colorado 34, 412, 438, 446
Daily News, South Africa 112, 419, 442
Des Moines Register, Iowa 14, 437
Edmunton Journal, Alberta, Canada 43, 439
El Vocero, Puerto Rico 24
Gazette Telegraph, Colorado 15, 37, 41, 413, 415-417, 430, 432, 437, 439,446-448
Genetic Maps 114
Great Falls Tribune 23, 438
Greeley Tribune, Colorado 422, 447
Hope Star, Arkansas 448
Huntsville Times, Alabama 433, 448
Idaho Statesman 29, 30, 438
Info Journal, Virginia 418
Journal-Advocate, Sterling, Colorado 38-39, 42, 439
Little River News, Arkansas, Cover iii, 42, 88-89, 96-101, 235, 439, 441-442, 444
Mercury, South Africa 419, 447
Newsweek 11-13, 437
New York Times 158, 163, 170, 443
Nightline (ABC) 179
Norfolk Daily News, Nebraska. 112, 442
Oregon Herald 421, 447
Ouranos, France 109-110
Pioneer Press, St. Paul, Minn. 18, 21, 437, 438
Pueblo Chieftain, Colorado 1, 5-6, 437
Pursuit Magazine 50, 132-133
Ranchland Farm News, Colorado 410-411, 447
Rapid City Journal, South Dakota 21, 438
Record Stockman, Colorado 33, 438
Rio Grande Sun, New Mexico 431, 447
Rocky Mountain News, Colorado 87, 241, 444
Salt Lake City Tribune, Utah 447
South Shore Press, Long Island, NY 92, 441
Starbuck Times, Minnesota 21,438
Statesman, Salem, Oregon 9, 29-30, 437-438
Sunday Times, Perth, Australia 111, 442
Swift County Monitor, Minnesota 21, 438
Texarkana Gazette, Texas 113, 115, 442
The Observer, New Mexico 414, 446
TV Guide 71, 440
United Press International 115, 267, 411
Washington Post 28, 158, 428-429, 438, 447
Nixon, Richard M. 6,141-142
“Nordic” ET 158, 258, 310
North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD) 25-26
Norton AFB, California 142, 146
Odors, Sulphur 2, 6, 122, 135, 368, 379, 384, 386
Office of Naval Intelligence (ONI) 201
Office of Scientific Research and Development (OSRD) 164
Oppenheimer, Robert, Ph.D. 164
“Orange” ETs 204, 310, 378
P-51 Mustang 155
Pentagon 145-146, 164, 392, 394, 401
Perkins, David ix, xiv
PI-40 139
Pine Ridge, South Dakota 86, 104
PLATO, Project 186, 308
PLUTO, Project 190, 308
Potter, Bridgett, HBO 161
Potts, C. E. xiv
POUNCE, Project 155, 190, 308
Praying Mantis 165
Predators, Natural 16, 18, 70, 434, 440, 447
Project AQUARIUS 139, 146, 149, 157, 185-190, 194, 239, 259, 285-298,306-308,443-445
Project BLUE BOOK 155, 165, 184, 186, 194, 197, 202-203
Project EXCALIBUR 192, 309
Project GABRIEL 169, 192
Project GARNET 156, 259, 308
Proj ect GLEEM 155
Project GRUDGE 155, 165, 184-190, 194, 197, 202-205, 210, 216, 307, 439,443-444
Project JOSHUA 309
Project LUNA 191, 309
Project PLATO 186, 308
Project PLUTO 190, 308
Project POUNCE 155, 190, 308
Project REDLIGHT 187, 190-191, 220-221, 225-226, 308-309
Project SIGMA 157, 187,217,308
Project SIGN 155, 165, 186-190
Project TWINKLE 155
Pueblo, Colorado 1, 5-6, 160, 437
Puerto Rico 6, 24, 108
Questek 105
Quintanilla, Colonel Hector 400
Radiation 19, 24, 226-227
Raechel’s Eyes 156
Rapid Cycle Cloning 127,156
Reagan, President Ronald 145, 238, 240-241, 444
Reality Weapons Testing 147
REDLIGHT, Project 187, 190-191, 220-221, 225-226, 308-309
Reese AFB, Texas 24
Reincarnation 161
Relativity, Theory of 193
Reptile Eyes 156, 165, 205
Res Bureaux, Canada 6
Rhesus Monkeys 156
RH-Negative Blood 156, 195, 310
Rose Medical Center 2, 105
Roswell Army Air Base 163
Roswell, New Mexico 116, 153-154, 163, 247, 259, 310-311, 382-383
Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) 72
Sagan, Carl 398, 404
Sandia National Laboratories 145, 154, 250
Sandler, Allan F. 141-143,145,159,162,260,390,392, 403
Sandler Films 159, 260
Sangre De Cristo Mountains 3
San Luis Valley, Colorado 1-3
Sanskrit 199
Sarbacher, Dr. Robert I. 164
Sarcee Reserve, Alberta, Canada 6
Schifelbien, Frank 11, 18, 23
Schmitt, Harrison U. S. Senator (NM) 46, 447
Schoenfeld, Robert 74
Scott, Myron 87
Shandera, Jaime 163, 180, 443
Shartle, Paul 142
Sheep 14, 90
Sheriffs vii, 5, 16, 18, 23-26, 32-33, 38, 45-47, 65-70, 75, 79-82, 86, 93, 95, 98,100, 106, 229, 438-441, 447
Alamosa County, Colorado 5
Bennett County, South Dakota 86
Brown County, Minnesota 18
Cascade County, Montana 26, 32, 46, 79, 438
Cochran County, Texas 23-24
Custer County, Nebraska 16
Daggett County, Utah 80, 82, 440-441
Elbert County, Colorado 33, 80, 87, 106
El Paso County, Colorado 75, 80, 440
Hempstead County, Arkansas 96, 98, 100
Holt County, Nebraska 248
Las Animas County, Colorado vii, 47, 439
Logan County, Colorado 23, 37-38, 42, 44-45, 65-70, 106, 439-440, 446
Lonoke County, Arkansas 96, 229
Madison County, Nebraska 16
Weld County, Colorado 93, 95, 441
Sigismund, Richard ix, 120-130, 443
SIGMA, Project 157, 187,217,308
SIGN, Project 155, 165, 186-190
Situation Red 153
Skinner, B. F. 131
Smith, Gen. Walter Bedell 179, 247-248
SNOWBIRD, Project 157, 187,	191,	239,	299, 309, 445
Socorro, New Mexico 150, 443
Sodom and Gommorah 233
Souers, Sidney William 179, 249
South America 6, 108, 259
South Dakota 11, 16, 21, 86, 104, 274, 437
Spielberg, Steven 140, 161
Sprinkle, Dr. Leo 51, 59-60, 116, 239, 315, 351-354
Stark, Mike 93, 95, 441
Steinman, William 145, 164-165
Sterling, Colorado 31, 37-39, 42,	44-45,	439
Stevens, Wendelle 61, 64
Stigmata 46, 109
Stout, Richard 90
Strategic Air Command (SAC) 26, 31, 152, 200
Strieber, Whitley 169
Stringfield, Leonard H. vi, 153, 166-168, 443, 445
Stripling, Juanita 96-100,441
Sulphur Odor 2, 6, 122, 135, 368, 384
Swan, Robert 203, 239, 302, 305-306, 313, 446

Talls 157-158, 258
Telepathy 154, 169
Texas 23, 43, 46, 51, 53, 75, 85-88, 114-118, 141, 147, 149, 153, 158, 162, 260,311, 315, 336, 389, 397, 400, 402, 420, 439, 442, 446-447
Texas Tech University 115
Thompson, R. E. 46
Thunder Scientific Corporation 148, 151
Tibet 199
Triangles 114, 198
Trilateral Insignia 151, 183,197,215,221,370-371,442
Tripod and Pod Marks 38, 64-67, 203, 235, 259, 399-400, 440
Truman, President Harry S. 163-164, 247, 249, 311
Truman Letter to Sec. of Defense Forrestal 178
TS/ORCON 186-187, 285-298, 300
Twining, Gen. Nathan Farragut 248
TWINKLE, Project 155
UFO Crash At Aztec 153, 165, 259, 311
UFO Crash/Retrieval Status Report II vi, 167-168, 443
UFO Domed Saucer Craft 6
UFO Experience, The 146
UFO “Inverted Ice Cream Cone” 155
UFO “Jet Planes” 26
UFO Odors 2, 6, 122, 135, 368, 384
UFO Orange Fluorescent and Large xv, 25-26, 31, 38-39, 43, 48, 80, 91, 135, 150,354, 375, 378
UFO Red Ball of Fire 17, 72, 80, 135
UFOs xvi, 3-5, 18, 24, 31, 37-38, 51, 73-74, 80, 86, 91, 131, 138-142, 146-151,159, 163, 180-181, 186, 200, 221, 239, 250, 259, 307, 354, 362-363, 375,389-390, 392, 395, 397, 403-404, 407, 437-439, 446-447
Project AQUARIUS 139, 146, 149, 157, 185-190, 194, 239, 259, 285-298,306-308, 443-445
Project BLUE BOOK 155, 165, 184, 186, 194, 197, 202-203
Project EXCALIBUR 192, 309
Project GABRIEL 169, 192
Project GARNET 156,259,308
Project GLEEM 155
Project GRUDGE 155, 165, 184-190, 194, 197, 202-205, 210, 216, 307, 439,443-444
Project JOSHUA 309
Project LUNA 191, 309
Project PLATO 186, 308
Project PLUTO 190, 308
Project POUNCE 155, 190, 308
Project REDLIGHT 187, 190-191, 220-221, 225-226, 308-309
Project SIGMA 157, 187,217,308
Project SIGN 155, 165, 186-190
Project TWINKLE 155
UFO “Zapping Cows” 18, 437
UFOS: Government Coverup-Live 180, 443
UFOS: It Has Begun 141
UFOs, Over Washinton, D.C. 16, 163, 170
UFOS: The E. T. Factor xvi
Underground Constructions 26, 116, 120, 125, 139, 152-158, 191-192, 225, 227,309, 382
University of Colorado Medical Center 3, 105
U. S. Army 5, 155
U. S. Coast and Geodetic Survey 145
U. S. Supreme Court 138, 306
U.S. Treaty with ETs 125, 139, 156, 186, 188, 196, 208, 212, 216-219, 230, 308-310, 392
Vallee, Jacques iii, v, xiii, 131, 141, 403,452
Vampire of Moca 24
Vandenberg, Gen. Hoyt Sanford 179, 248-249
Veterinarians 18, 100, 108
Von Neumann, John, Ph.D. 164
Waco, Texas 85, 87, 118, 158
Walker Field, New Mexico 163
Walsenburg, Colorado xiv
Washington Institute of Technology, Oceanographic and Physical Sciences 164
WCVB-TV, Boston 25
Weapons Systems Evaluation Group (WSEG) 232
Weinbrenner, Col. George 146-147
Westby, Jim ix, 230
White Sands, New Mexico 159, 202, 217, 393
Whiteside, Carl 50
Williamson, Jim iii, 42, 96, 99-101, 105, 439-442
Wisconsin 11, 248, 250
Wise, David 179
Wolverton, Keith 32-33, 46, 79
Womack, Dr. James 114
World War II ii, 136, 164, 192, 247-250
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 146-147, 153
Wyatt, L. C. 96-100, 106, 441-442
Wyoming xv, 48-51, 71, 83, 315, 438-441
Wytheville, Virginia 88
Yarnell, George Sheriff 33, 106
“Yellow Book”, ETs 194-195, 310
Zamora, Lonnie 150, 399-400, 443
Zeta Reticuli 1 and 2 154, 160, 195, 233467


===================================================================
Back cover

For further information about Linda Moulton Howe’s books,
documentaries and news website where you can report high strangeness
in your area, please contact the author:
Linda Moulton Howe
LMH Productions
and Earthfiles.com
Post Office Box 21843
Albuquerque, NM 87154
Email: earthfiles@earthfiles.com
Website: www.earthfiles.com
PRODUCTIONS


An AlienHarvest 
Further Evidence Linking Animal Mutilations And Human Abductions To Alien Life Forms 

From Emmy award-winning documentary filmmaker Linda Moulton Howe’s decades of research into the mysteries of worldwide animal mutilations, human abductions and government knowledge about alien life forms  ... comes a  new edition of AN ALIEN HARVEST. 

“The mutilations are one of the greatest outrages in the history of the western cattle industry.  ” -  Colorado Governor Richard Lamm, 1975

“Unfortunately, part of the phenomenon seems to be operating outside or beyond the human race, manipulating us constantly. That  ’s the part we should worry about.  ” -  John Keel, 1983, Author, The Haunted Planet

“OPERATION MAJESTIC-12 is a  TOP SECRET Research and Development  / Intelligence operation responsible directly and. only to the President of the United States  ”  about the technology, biology and purpose of alien life forms discovered and studied since the 1940s. -  Admiral Roscoe H. Hillenkoetter, November 18, 1952, Former Director, Central Intelligence Agency 


ISBN 978-0-9620570-0-7 



