============================================================================
Title Pages


Triangular UFOs: An Estimate of the Situation


DAVID MARLER


Richard Dolan Press


Richard Dolan Press

Rochester, New York 14619

USA




Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data


Marler, David

Triangular UFOs: An Estimate of the Situation / by David Marler

276 p. cm.

Includes index.

ISBN 978-1490465814

1. Unidentified Flying Objects
I. Marler, David II. Title


First published in the United States by Richard Dolan Press


There is no one I would rather see write a book on UFOs more than David Marler.

From the countless conversations I have had with him on the subject over recent decades, I have come to know, and respect, his invariably objective and sober-minded approach to the subject.

Moreover, he is a meticulous researcher, and he possesses a unique blend of wisdom, insight, and common sense, which one rarely encounters in any field of investigation.

The reader can rest assured that what is written here on the subject of triangular UFOs can be relied on, without question. A compelling read!


Peter B. Davenport

Director

National UFO Reporting Center

www.ufocenter.com


Dedicated to the memory of my father,
Norman Marler, 1926 - 2006

His interest in UFOs and other mysteries inspired me at an early age.
His sense of wonder was only rivaled by his common-sense approach.
He was a father, friend, and role model.
This book is for you Norm!


Thanks

I want to extend my sincere thanks to all of my friends and colleagues in the Illinois and Missouri UFO communities. They are too numerous to mention by name without fear of overlooking someone. They have been there to assist me and my work over many years. Thank you for your constant friendship and support.


Special Thanks

Special recognition must be given to those who directly assisted me with the production of this book. They include:
• Richard Dolan (Publisher)
• Joe Keller (Artist)
• Lee Clinton (Proofreader)
• Dina Garibay-Jenks (Photographer)

Special Contributors:
• John Alexander
• Professor John Allen
• Darryl Barker
• Dr. Paul Czysz
• Peter Davenport
• Omar Fowler
• Sam Maranto

Contributors:
• Barbara Becker
• Thomas Eckhardt
• Dr. Ron Evans
• Mark Rodeghier
• Richard Taylor
• George Wingfield
• The library staff of the International UFO Museum and Research Center (Roswell, New Mexico)
• All of the eyewitnesses who were willing to share their testimony over the years


Table of Contents

Foreword: by John B. Alexander, Ph.D.
Preface
Introduction
Chapter 1: The New Millennium
Chapter 2: New Information, New Insights
Chapter 3: The Historical Review Begins
Chapter 4: The Historical Review Continues
Chapter 5: The Historical Review Concludes
Chapter 6: Military Reports
Chapter 7: Establishing a Profile
Chapter 8: Aerospace Experts
Chapter 9: History Repeats Itself
Chapter 10: Continual Reports and Implications
Chapter 11: Conclusion
Chapter 12: Thoughts From Other Researchers
Appendix
About the Author
Contact the Author


===========================================================================
Foreword

By John B. Alexander, Ph.D.


At the far end of the dais, quietly we sat next to each other for an obligatory panel discussion. It was at the 2012 Ozark UFO conference, and we were both considering how different our positions were from the other presenters, all well-known in UFOlogy circles. Based on science and facts, we each had laid out strong arguments for the reality of UFOs and expressed the need for serious study of the topic. Certainly the immediate feedback confirmed that the true-believers were as bad as the skeptics in condemning anyone who didn’t buy into some, if not all, of the most outlandish stories imaginable. My personal favorite was the notion the UFOs often crashed in thunderstorms. Apparently the highly advanced UFOnauts could transit the vastness of space, but did not understand the basics of electromagnetic interference, something the human aviation industry conquered decades ago. Despite the obvious lack of common sense the audience ate it up.

Maintaining contact, Dave sent me more material about his studies of triangular UFOs. His was comprehensive research into an important subset of the UFO phenomenon; something that no one else has attempted previously. While several people have written short papers about triangular UFOs, Dave’s work was in-depth and compelling. I was particularly impressed as it circumvented one of my main concerns; i.e. “What constitutes a UFO?” Unfortunately it is a term used broadly and without clear definition. Reports of UFOs range from little balls of light, often high in the sky, to large physical objects, possibly more than a mile across. Besides small and far away there are other observations by credible witnesses at very close proximity to the craft. My real concern remains the enormous variability in observations when considering this global issue. There are just too many varieties to accommodate any single simple solution. Positing little grey guys from Zeta Reticula, who have come to collect sperm, or more perversely conduct anal probes, just won’t do it. As with any good research project the first step is to establish parameters delimiting the topic and make it manageable; and Dave has done that.

This book provides the first extensive examination of reports of large triangular shaped UFOs. Fitting with my own disposition, he conclusively eliminates the most popular conspiracy theory about their origin-that they are products of secret research of the U.S. government. Anyone who has heard me speak on the UFO topic should remember my admonition about the three things necessary before engaging studies in phenomenology. First, you need a sense of humor as you will be attacked. The most vicious barbs will come from those in the UFO community, not the skeptics. Second, you better have a day job (as Dave does) because nobody is making big money at this. Finally, and most important, you must understand conspiracy theory as you are automatically part of it. Either you believe there is a U.S. government cover-up, or you are part of that process. Amazingly, even government officials, especially from foreign countries, often believe in the cover-up hypothesis.

Regarding triangular UFOs in particular, conspiracy theorists repeatedly have taken the position mentioned above-secret government research. It never mattered that such a conclusion defies both facts and logic. Specifically, while the government does develop advanced aircraft in secret, they do no conduct test flights of well-illuminated prototypes near major metropolitan areas. Yet, that is where many of the large triangular UFOs have been observed.

The proponents of such theories also fail to understand how military aircraft are either developed or employed. Foremost, new systems are all designed to meet specific objectives and built to specific requirements. Other than aerostats, the most likely application of a large aircraft is for logistical purposes; that is to move huge quantities of materials to a combat area. The development of such a capability would constitute a major breakthrough. Having participated in several high-level wargames I can state unequivocally that logistics is always the long pole in the tent. That means getting sufficient quantities of material to the warfighters is always the limiting factor in the ability to prosecute wars. Here observations step in. The U.S. has been engaged in the Global War on Terror in two major areas, Iraq and Afghanistan, for more than a decade. In the latter, getting supplies to the troops has been particularly obstreperous especially traversing the Khyber Pass through Pakistan. The arduous long-haul alternatives through Uzbekistan and Turkmenistan are equally problematic. Still, the hypothesized large triangular craft have not been seen in either area of operation. Of course the reason is that the USAF simply doesn’t have them in their inventory.

Lack of use in current wars, however, is not the decisive factor that categorically eliminates the conspiracy theory of government development of these elusive craft. The coffin nail is Dave’s discovery that large triangular UFO sighting occurred as early as 1882, over two decades before the Wright Brothers first powered flight at Kitty Hawk, North Carolina in 1903. Obviously those observations put triangular UFOs far beyond the technological grasp of any human source.

In fact, large triangular UFOs have been observed from that time to the present and in many areas of the world. Previously I have reported that while participating in a NATO study of a more mundane nature, some Belgian officers did ask me if they belonged to the U.S. That was shortly after the pervasive sightings of 1989-1990. Not long after that I was chairing a non-lethal weapons conference in Tysons Corner, Virginia. One of the speakers was an Air Force major general whom I had met years before when we were attending courses at Harvard. Aware of my interest in UFOs he inquired what was happening in the field. As he had previously been the director of all USAF research and development at Wright-Patterson AFB, I took the opportunity to ask him about these large triangular objects. He indicated we had nothing larger than the C-5 although the Russian Antonov AN-124 is even bigger. Neither of those approach the size reported on many occasions. I am also aware of a proposal by one of the major aerospace defense contractors to build a large semi-rigid, lighter-than-air craft specifically for logistical purposes. They indicated they could not even get any military support for the concept, and that was within the past fifteen years.

So, if they are not “ours,” then, who does fly them and from where do they originate? Those are legitimate questions, but it is unlikely they will be addressed anytime soon. The fundamental problem is that political correctness drives away the best and brightest scientists-at least if they value their career. It is an unfortunate reality that mere association with the study of UFOs can bring discredit to research in conventional areas. Good scientists who wish to explore phenomena do so at great risk to their livelihood. That is something that must change before we will make any significant advances in our understanding of UFOs or other phenomena.

Inauspiciously, it is many of the people in Ufology who exacerbate this situation. One has but to attend most any UFO conference to spot them. They are speakers and attendees alike. The wilder the story presented, the more likely that it will be enthusiastically received. As I have stated repeatedly, there are no lower limits to such crazy stories. Emotion trumps facts every time. When any serious, yet reasonably skeptical scientist enquires about UFOs, they are regaled by utter nonsense, and too often assume that the entire field is corrupted.

Then too there are the debunkers and hoaxers who bring discredit to the field. Most debunkers are guilty of addressing facts very selectively, and rarely have explanations that fit all of the reported aspects. Hoaxers too often prove the gullibility of the UFO community, but it is an easy target. Importantly, hoaxes are not benign as many would believe. Some attempts, such as sending burning flares aloft are inherently dangerous. In fact, skeptics have claimed that some of the large triangles have actually been teams of ultra-light or similar aircraft flying in formation at night without traditional aviation lights. We are asked to believe that the nefarious pilots risk life and limb for the pleasure of perpetrating a perverse joke. With the famous Bentwaters UFO case the public alternately was asked to believe it was a lighthouse, a burning dung wagon, radioactive rabbits, and even a dropped NASA dummy Apollo moon capsule, none of which fit the facts.

The bottom line to this book is that large triangular UFOs have been seen in many areas of the world. Most important, they have been around for a long, long time. They have been reported by numerous credible witnesses and offer an important subset of the UFO phenomenon, one worthy of serious scientific study. Like Dave, I sincerely hope scientists will be able to get past the debunkers, hoaxers, and the credulous true believers. At some point in time maybe that will happen. From the history of large triangular UFO sightings, it is most probable that they will continue to perplex us for a long time to come.


John B. Alexander, Ph.D., a Green Beret combat commander, was a colonel when he retired from the U.S. Army after holding key positions in intelligence and research and development.

He later joined Los Alamos National Laboratory as a program manager where he became internationally renowned in strategic national security matters. He has lectured all over the world on those topics and in 2003 he served in Kabul, Afghanistan as a mentor to the Minister of Defense.

Currently a senior fellow with a Department of Defense university, he has worked with the Council on Foreign Relations, National Intelligence Council, NATO, and the Army Science Board. An Aviation Week & Space Technology Aerospace Laureate, he is listed in Who’s Who in America, Who’s Who in Science and Engineering, American Men and Women of Science, and was inducted into the OCS Hall of Fame at Ft. Benning, Georgia.

His extensive travels have taken him to all seven continents and he has been from Antarctica to Everest and even Timbuktu. Completing his doctorate in behavioral science, he went on to study management and international affairs at Harvard, MIT, and UCLA. He has appeared on Dateline, CNN, Fox News and many other American and foreign television programs. Dr. Alexander is the author of numerous scientific articles and four books, including UFOs: Myths, Conspiracies, and Realities.


===========================================================================
Preface


The subject of UFOs is one of the most controversial subjects today. Most people have an opinion about it. These opinions fall somewhere along the spectrum of acceptance on one hand and rejection on the other. For some people, either you believe in UFOs or you don’t. For years people would ask me “Do you believe in UFOs?” I was always uneasy with the term “believe.”

When discussing the belief in something, it evokes religious connotations in my mind. It is suggestive of faith-based ideologies. I have always attempted to approach the subject in an objective manner and examine the facts. I was not looking for an alternative religion or spiritual path as many have attempted through the vehicle of the UFO subject. Rather, I was interested in following the evidence to where it may, or may not, lead. I wanted to ascertain whether or not there was truly something behind this mystery.

I would best characterize myself as one who is open-minded yet skeptical. When people would ask me in the course of interviews or lectures if I “believe” in UFOs, I would usually respond by saying “I believe the subject needs to be examined more thoroughly.” I have stated this for years and cling to this position yet today. A more accurate statement would be “I accept the possible existence of UFOs as a tangible reality based on the available information.” This may seem like an exercise in semantics – “belief” versus “acceptance.” However, I feel this is a more accurate descriptive.

In dealing with the general public, I was amazed how passionately many clung to their position on UFOs despite their admission they didn’t know much regarding the subject. Obviously, everyone is entitled to their individual opinions, but shouldn’t these opinions be educated ones? Prior to formulating an opinion, I would encourage people to study the subject matter. Upon review of the material, you will then have a better appreciation for the subject including salient points to address when having a discussion or debate on the topic.

For many others, the subject of UFOs is the last thing they are concerned about. With the current period of worldwide financial collapse facing countries, citizens are faced with finding jobs and providing for their families. They do not have the luxury of time used to contemplate the existence or non-existence of UFOs even if the interest is there. In addition, they may feel there is no personal relevance to them and their lives. This I can certainly appreciate.

I have often thought that many people mentally place UFO eyewitnesses in the same category as people who have been struck by lightning. Certainly, both incidents are dramatic. People have heard stories of these events happening. However, most people assume this is something that happens to other people – not themselves. Most of us never think we are going to be struck by lightning or see a UFO.

None-the-less, some of these same people may be outside one day and look up and see an airborne object they cannot readily identify. Suddenly, they are faced with an unknown element in their life. When this occurs, many people ignore what they have witnessed. They decide to live in denial and move on with their lives. Yet others will be captivated by what they have witnessed. Many times, depending on the nature of the sighting, the individual will become obsessed with the subject of UFOs. For many researchers in the field of UFOlogy, this is how they personally were drawn to the subject.

This brings us to the term “UFO.” When this acronym is mentioned, it oftentimes elicits giggles and smirks by individuals. Interestingly enough, it is more of a visceral reaction – a knee jerk response of sorts. In today’s society, “UFO” has become synonymous with “alien spacecraft.” This should simply not be the case. The term itself was created in the early 1950s by the United States Air Force to replace the more fanciful term being tossed about at the time - “flying saucers.”

From its inception, the term UFO simply meant “unidentified flying object.” This is how I employ the term throughout this book. In fact, many witnesses themselves that claim to have seen UFOs will state they don’t know what they saw. Why then should we impose the “alien spacecraft” overtones to their reports if they themselves are not?

Taking a step back for one moment and viewing the scenario objectively, what is wrong with someone stating they witnessed an “unidentified flying object”? Many objects that we witness in the sky may be unidentified based on our limited knowledge or perceptual limitations. These can range from satellites, military aircraft, meteors, atmospheric phenomena, etc.

I believe the emotional reaction to the term “UFO” has developed over time in part due to the influence of movies over the years as well as the news media’s use of the subject as tongue-in-cheek reporting – taking a legitimate sighting report and poking fun at the report and oftentimes the witnesses themselves.

While we all like to have a laugh now and again, myself included, we should ask ourselves “Where is this laughter coming from?” Are we responding to a situation due to its intrinsic humor or are we responding with nervous laughter? On the outside, many people are laughing because they do not wish to contemplate the possibility that we could be visited by a non-terrestrial civilization. Some cannot mentally wrap their minds around the concept while others may see this as an affront to their religious beliefs. Regardless of their reasoning, perhaps the laughter serves as a coping mechanism for many people.

I have had the honor of meeting hundreds of people over the years who fall somewhere along the spectrum of acceptance and rejection of the UFO subject. Many of my friends and I have had numerous and lengthy discussions on the subject. For years, both friends and colleagues have continually posed the question to me, “When are you going to write a book on UFOs?” If you knew of my lifelong interest in the subject and the wealth of books and other materials in my personal library, it would seem like a reasonable question.

Typically, most authors write books based on at least one of the following criteria. First, it is a subject they feel passionate about. Second, it involves a subject or event they were associated with directly. Or third, they wish to raise public awareness regarding a topic. All of these apply to me and the writing of this book as you will discover.

However, I would only write a book on the UFO subject based on three additional criteria. First, it would have to be material that I considered truly significant to the field of UFOlogy. Second, this position would have to be shared by my colleagues in addition to myself. Finally, it would need to be original material and not a rehash of “classic” cases and research that have been documented in dozens of books previously published. Taking each criterion in-turn, let’s discuss them further.

The first involves my viewing the material as truly significant to the UFO research field. Over the last ten to twenty years, there have been a growing number of UFO reports involving so-called flying triangles or triangular UFOs. These, like other UFO reports, come from witnesses of varying age, education, and socioeconomic background. They are also reported worldwide.

As will soon become clear, a series of events drew my attention to this particular subset of UFO data. As I began to research these reports in greater detail, I noticed a majority of the cases had many common characteristics.

When I was working on this project in 2004, I examined frequency data pertaining to these UFO reports. I knew these sightings were prevalent, but to what extent? In my opinion, the best source of raw reports was Peter Davenport’s National UFO Reporting Center (www.ufocenter.com). Although, these cases are not investigated prior to posting in most cases, it at least provides a researcher with information regarding what people are reporting. It should be noted that the reports listed there are primarily from North America.

I was amazed to see how the statistics played out when I examined the number of reports broken down into their respective categories based on UFO shapes. As of November 2004, the data was as follows:


Unspecified

1848


Chevron

402


Cigar

817


Circle

2233


Cone

134


Crescent

2


Cross

86


Cylinder

466


Delta

8


Diamond

456


Disk

2439


Egg

373


Fireball

1739


Hexagon

1


Light

5509


Other

2274


Oval

1261


Pyramid

1


Rectangle

396


Round

2


Sphere

1614


Teardrop

264


Triangle

2782


Apart from the ambiguous category of “light,” the main geometric shape people were reporting was that of the triangle. This surpassed the classic flying “disk” by 343 reports. Obviously, statistics can be examined and interpreted in a myriad of ways. I only share these statistics to emphasize that many reports now involve triangular UFOs.

Also, it must be added that these reports are a cumulative total of reports gathered since The National UFO Reporting Center was founded back in 1974 by veteran UFO researcher, Bob Gribble. In addition, many reports involve UFO sightings that purportedly occurred prior to 1974. But the vast majority of UFO reports there date typically from the 1960s to the present day.

In preparation for a lecture on the subject in February 2012, I re-examined the website for an updated tally of UFO reports received. Not much had changed in the way of reporting distribution based on UFO shapes. Again, other than the category of “light,” triangles continued to surpass other reported shapes.


Unspecified

2699


Chevron

845


Cigar

1946


Circle

6151


Cone

298


Crescent

2


Cross

199


Cylinder

1104


Delta

8


Diamond

1038


Disk

5288


Egg

723


Fireball

4212


Hexagon

1


Light

13997


Other

5190


Oval

3316


Pyramid

1


Rectangle

1124


Round

2


Sphere

4259


Teardrop

680


Triangle

6957


With this increasing rise in sighting reports over the years, I would occasionally see articles and discussions that touched on the subject of triangular UFOs. However, I noticed that no one had written a comprehensive book on the subject encompassing not only the reports themselves, but a detailed historical examination of them as well. How could this be? The traditional “flying saucer” no longer was in the majority. Now triangular UFOs appeared to dominate the scene, yet no book was dedicated to analyzing them.

I must, at this point, make mention of one man in the context of research into triangular UFOs. Despite not having written a book-length treatise on triangular UFOs, veteran British researcher, Omar Fowler, has written two very well-researched monographs on the subject. The first was The Flying Triangle Mystery, published in 1996. This was followed by the second report, Flying Triangle UFOs: The Continuing Story, in 1997. Both of these were published by The Phenomenon Research Association.

Up to this point, these were the only comprehensive reports that examined the overall phenomenon. Certainly, there were well-written articles on individual cases involving triangular UFOs, but Mr. Fowler deserves credit where credit is due. He took the time to examine a multitude of cases available to him. These were primarily from England and from the previous ten years with a few exceptions dating even earlier. Indeed, he laid the groundwork for published research into these flying triangles or “FTs” as he refers to them. He was an inspiration to my work and we have exchanged information over the years. He has also been kind enough to share information contained in this book

With the events that transpired in January of 2000 coupled with my ever-growing library of rare UFO material, I fostered the idea of writing a book on the subject of UFOs. But for anyone who has written a similar book of historical material, you know the amount of data gathering that is required. It is time consuming and labor-intensive. In addition, it should be noted that I along with other UFO researchers do this work in our spare time and out-of-pocket. So if a book were to develop, it would take some time. I felt strongly that a book was needed that seriously addressed the nature of these triangular UFO reports. But was this feeling shared by others in the field?

This brings me to my second criterion for publishing a book. Were colleagues and others in the field interested in seeing well-documented reports that have been collated into a systematic analysis? Over time, this became obvious to me as I continued to network and share case material with investigators and researchers like Omar Fowler in England.

The defining moment where this became blatantly clear was when I lectured at The Ozark UFO Conference in Eureka Springs, Arkansas in April of 2012. It would be the fourth time I had lectured to audiences there. Historically, it was one of the best UFO conferences in the United States. This was not just my opinion but that of countless others who had attended over the years.

I had a long history with this conference going back to 1991. It was that year I attended the conference for the first time. I had the distinct honor of meeting veteran UFO historian and researcher, Lou Farish. Lou was the host of the conference since 1989 and would continue that tradition until 2009. Lou was unique in that he was very unassuming and simple in the way he presented himself. However, this belied the wealth of knowledge and experience he had in the field.

For anyone that had the pleasure of knowing him, they will tell you that he was a walking encyclopedia of knowledge on UFOs and other paranormal subjects. I met him in 1991 and developed a kinship with him regarding our mutual interest in UFO history and its preservation. To that end, Lou graciously entrusted his library to me before his death in January 2012. Much of the material in this book derives from Lou’s collection.

Lou initially invited me to speak at the conference back in 2000 on the case we will discuss in Chapter One. Following that, as my historical research on triangular UFOs developed, Lou wanted me to share my findings. He invited me back periodically to address the subject further as new case material was discovered. He was interested and impressed with what I had to share. This was the validation I needed to continue my research.

After Lou’s death in January of 2012, friends and conference organizers, Jerry Blackburn, Lee Clinton, and Paula King, invited me back to lecture on my latest triangular UFO research.

Despite having had audiences averaging 400 attendees each year and receiving thanks and encouragement after each lecture I presented, this 2012 audience was larger and showed a tremendous amount of enthusiasm regarding my research. People wanted to know more about these triangular UFOs.

I had to disappoint several audience members after my lecture. They asked if I had a book on my research that they could purchase. I had to inform them that I did not have a book on my research to-date. However, the decision to move forward with this book, solidified on my flight home from that same conference. Again, if Lou Farish, other leading researchers, and audience members thought this was significant to the field of UFOlogy, then it only bolstered my same feelings on the matter.

The last criterion, involving original material being presented, I believe will become readily apparent to the reader. I can’t describe it as “new” material as most of what we will examine will be historical in-nature. However, what is covered has never been assembled and presented in this manner. Again, this is the first book dedicated to this subset of UFO reports.

This book is written with the purpose of placing focus on triangular UFO sighting reports. This book will not venture off into areas such as “alien abductions,” “government conspiracies,” etc. I want this book to appeal to a wide audience with the focus on UFO sightings themselves.

When examining the development of this phenomenon over the last several decades, UFO sightings are what started it all. UFO sightings are at the core of the phenomenon still today. Whether or not other subjects such as the aforementioned or crop circles, cattle mutilations, etc. are related to these UFO sightings remains to be seen. There may be relationships between these topics, but evidence thus far is inconclusive and not necessarily causal in nature. Simply put, in my research of over a decade, I have not seen evidence of a relationship and therefore these topics will not be addressed in this work. Perhaps future researchers will explore these avenues and use this work as a starting point.

This brings me to the title of the book. Obviously, we are focusing on triangular UFO reports, but why refer to the book as “An Estimate of the Situation”? For those readers well acquainted with UFO history, this title should not be unfamiliar.

In the very early days of the UFO phenomenon, the United States Air Force in January of 1948 had launched “Project Sign” as their first official inquiry into the subject. At the end of their initial review of the material, the members of the research group presented their findings in late 1948. The report was referred to as The Estimate of the Situation.

This was typically how intelligence reports of this nature were titled when an examination or investigation was launched into an event or subject for military review. After such an investigation, an estimate of the situation was prepared for senior military review. The conclusion or estimate of the panel regarding this situation involving UFOs was that the phenomenon was most likely interplanetary in origin.

This report circulated up the chain of command until it reached the desk of General Hoyt Vandenberg, the United States Air Force Chief of Staff. He rejected the report and its findings due to the lack of physical evidence to support their conclusion. He then ordered all copies of the report destroyed. As a result, no copies of the report exist today.

However, Air Force personnel who were in key positions at the time referred to it in subsequent years. This select group included Captain Edward J. Ruppelt. Captain Ruppelt was one of the project leaders of a later successor to “Project Sign” known as “Project Blue Book” that continued to investigate UFOs from 1952 to 1969. Shortly after leaving Blue Book, Ruppelt stated he had seen the “Estimate.”

In his book, The Report on Unidentified Flying Objects, Captain Ruppelt described the Estimate as “a rather thick document with a black cover and it was printed on legal-sized paper. Stamped across the front were the words TOP SECRET.”

Another individual who had rare access to the report was Major Dewey Fournet. Major Fournet served as the Pentagon Liaison Officer for Project Blue Book and was Captain Ruppelt’s superior. In the course of Fournet’s duties, he too reviewed the Estimate. Like Captain Ruppelt, Major Fournet years later would publicly acknowledge the one-time existence of the report. In my library, I have a rare audio recording of an interview with Major Fournet in which he discusses the report’s existence and the differing opinions within military circles regarding it.

This report was important for two reasons. First, it was the initial assessment commissioned by the United States Air Force on the UFO subject. This was their comprehensive analysis of the UFO phenomenon based on all available information at the time. Many reports would certainly follow as the Air Force redefined their projects and mandates regarding the subject matter.

However, second and more importantly, was the conclusion reached by the military analysts and scientists of the time. Namely, that whatever the phenomenon, it could not be explained away by prosaic natural phenomena, military aircraft, hoaxes, hallucinations, etc. The best explanation and source of the phenomenon was interplanetary (i.e., extra-terrestrial).

Based on the legendary nature of this report coupled with the conclusions purportedly contained therein, it seemed only appropriate as the title for this book. This “Estimate” focuses on triangular UFO reports, but it serves as a comprehensive analysis of the available information to date. It must be acknowledged that any such report can only provide an overview of the subject. I have tried to assemble a representative sampling of cases to review, but obviously do not have the space to address every case on record.

This is the first UFO book dedicated solely to the triangular UFO phenomenon. It will examine the history of sightings; outline patterns within the data; and develop a working profile of these objects. Upon reading this book, I hope the data speaks for itself. I believe it strongly suggests we are dealing with a tangible reality that has been with us for a very long time and requires further scientific investigation.

It is my hope that this book will be read by not only the general public, but by individuals currently within key military and intelligence positions.


===========================================================================
Introduction


Prior to delving into the subject matter, it might be best to explain how I became involved in the UFO subject in the first place. There were three events early in life that molded my interest in UFOs. It all started back in the year of 1973 at the ripe young age of five years old while living in Southern Illinois just east of St. Louis, Missouri.

In early 1973 around the small Missouri town of Piedmont, UFOs were the topic of conversation. Piedmont is located 130 miles south/southwest of St. Louis, Missouri. On February 21st of that year, a basketball coach from Piedmont along with five members of his team were coming home after losing a game earlier that evening in another town. As their vehicle was winding across the hilly roads of Southeast Missouri, their attention was drawn to an unusual “rotation of lights” in the sky. Despite being intrigued, they continued on their journey down Route 60 while periodically seeing the lights both above and through the densely wooded terrain.

When they reached a portion of the highway outside of Piedmont where one side opened into a large open field, they noticed what appeared to be the same series of lights. This time, they noticed the lights appeared to be attached to some type of object. This object was hovering in one spot above the field. This piqued their curiosity enough to pull the vehicle over to the shoulder of the road and get a better look. The passengers assembled outside the vehicle and watched in disbelief.

As they watched, they could make out red, green, amber, and white lights which continued to rotate. It should be noted that at this time no sound or wind appeared to emanate from the object as one would commonly associate with a helicopter or conventional aircraft in this situation. The witnesses believed the lights to be less than 200 yards away and approximately 50 feet off the ground.

After about 10 minutes, the series of lights rose at an angle and disappeared over a ridge. It was this incident that started the wave of UFO sightings that would follow in 1973 for this sleepy southeastern Missouri town.

So how does this incident relate to my involvement in UFOs? Well, the basketball coach’s name was Reggie Bone and he was one of my father’s best friends when they were both young. My father was born and raised in the neighboring town of Mill Spring, Missouri, before moving to the greater St. Louis metropolitan area.

When my father read of this sighting, which was heavily publicized by the local newspaper as well as the St. Louis area newspapers, he was intrigued to say the least. Added to this, a flood of additional UFO reports began to come into the local police department as well as the newspaper and radio station. Piedmont was in the midst of “UFO Fever”!

Many people, having read the newspaper articles; heard the radio interviews; and seen the television news coverage, decided to see for themselves what was going on. All along the country roads outside of Piedmont, visitors were camping out and conducting night vigils in the hopes of seeing the UFOs for themselves. My family was no exception.

As an impressionable young boy, I was caught up in the excitement of seeing my father, older brothers, and sister pack up the car with binoculars and thermoses of coffee as they prepared to take the two and a half hour drive down to Piedmont to “look for UFOs.” Much to my mother’s chagrin, this activity, as I remember, happened more than once that spring and summer. The kids had a casual interest in the subject of UFOs. My mother had as much in the way of disinterest in the subject. So, being only five years old, I was tasked with the duty of staying home with mom and letting my father and older siblings have their fun.

I know that my father was always open to the subject of UFOs. However, when one of his childhood friends reported seeing an unconventional aerial object, his interest became intensified. It was for this reason that he made his trips down there. He knew Reggie. He grew up with him. He knew he wouldn’t lie or embellish a story. He took him at his word. He saw something. The question was: What?

Despite not joining the UFO search party, I remember hearing the stories upon their return of others whom they met, and who supposedly had witnessed UFOs in the area. Those witnesses would later include some of my father’s relatives. His aunt and uncle were among these people. Years after the event, they would still talk about the UFO sightings in the area. It should be noted that 1973 was an extremely active year for reported UFO activity in the United States.

I was severely disappointed as a five year old to be excluded from something as exciting as chasing UFOs. But little did I know at the time, I would later devote my entire adult life to pursuing this elusive subject and would spend many a night in UFO hotspots staring up at the star-filled sky in anticipation of seeing a genuine UFO. I guess I inherited this legacy from my father and brothers starting in 1973. However, this was only the first in a series of three things that captivated me as a youngster. The next event was much more dramatic and closer to home.

It was a late night in the summer of 1977, and my sister, Cheryl, and her husband, Joe, were returning to Kansas City, Missouri from a visit with my family in the St. Louis area. To properly set the scene, my sister was asleep in the front passenger seat and her husband was driving. The time was approximately 12:00 am. They were on the last leg of their journey and were only within one mile of their home.

As they approached an intersection, the vehicle stopped. Joe looked both ways before preparing to drive on when suddenly a brilliant white light enveloped their car. It was as if a light switch had been turned on. One moment, they were sitting at a dark street corner. Then, without any warning, the vehicle was bathed in an intense light of some sort that seemed to be emanating from above their vehicle. Despite this light display, there was a complete absence of noise or wind. This is, of course, similar to Reggie Bone’s UFO sighting outside of Piedmont as well as countless others on-file.

In instances such as this, time seems to stand still. Your brain races to make sense out of what is taking place and your adrenaline kicks in as your heart rate increases. Joe certainly was no exception to this rule. He was notorious in our family for not enjoying discussions of ghosts, UFOs, or the paranormal in general. He didn’t like the subjects and they made him uncomfortable. This event was only destined to reinforce that mindset.

As he tried to process what was taking place, he had the presence of mind to try to wake his wife who was still sleeping soundly next to him. My sister recalls it best by telling me that she woke from a sound sleep with Joe shaking her violently and yelling “Cheryl! Cheryl! Wake up!”

My sister remembers trying to open her eyes, but that it was difficult because of the intense white light. This intensity combined with the fact she just opened her eyes from a deep sleep, made it a difficult task to see clearly. But, in a matter of a few seconds, her eyes began to adjust. Her first thought as she looked out of the windshield was “Why is it light outside?” She knew when they left St. Louis and when they were due home, since they traveled this route many times. They left late in the evening and were due home late that night. Why was it daylight outside?

Again, things move quickly in a situation as this and before she could ponder things further, her attention was then focused on her husband who was yelling in a panic. Neither one can recall the exact statements made at this time. Suffice it to say, there were very colorful words being thrown about. There’s no other way to say it other than Joe was scared.

Despite the fear, he did muster the courage to look out of his driver’s side window at what was above the car. At best, he described a very large white light that was shining down on them, the vehicle, and the immediate surrounding area. But, in the midst of this light, he could discern multiple smaller lights of varying colors in no particular order. No structure was visible due to the intensity of the light, but he felt the lights had to be attached to something physical.

As the fear continued to rise in their vehicle, the light disappeared as abruptly as it initially appeared. Again, they likened it to a light switch being flipped. Nothing was seen moving away in the sky and the area once again became a dark street corner. Despite the street corner returning to normal, the same could not be said for my sister or her husband. This is where the story takes on another strange turn.

After a dramatic event such as this, you would suspect the witnesses would be abuzz with conversation and questions about what just took place. This was not the case at all. In fact, neither one recalled speaking to each other immediately after the incident, or when they arrived home several minutes later.

My sister is a creature of habit. After returning home from any vacation or trip, she would make it a point to unload the luggage from their car. She stated she would never leave the bags sit in the trunk overnight. She wouldn’t necessarily unpack the luggage, but would bring them in the house to be unpacked the next day. On this night, she did no such thing.

As they both recall, no words were said to each other after the incident or when they arrived home. They both said they went inside their home; went to the bedroom; changed clothes for bed; and got in bed and pulled the covers up over their heads. Does this sound rational?

For those well-read on the subject of UFOs, this may not seem strange at all. There may be more here than meets the eye. The fact remains, this was my sister and her husband and they reported an encounter with what can only be called a UFO. They never publicly discussed this story. It was something that only family and close friends ever heard about. They both knew that everyone would not be open-minded towards their tale.

In fact, until just the last ten years or so, Joe never wanted to speak of it to anyone. Again, the paranormal is not his cup of tea to say the least. They had nothing to gain by fabricating a story like this nor would they. Simply put - an event occurred that was beyond their explanation. But it was an event that added to my ever-growing curiosity regarding the subject.

The third event or series of events that shaped my interest in UFOs occurred just one year later. The year was 1978 and the location was a quaint little town known as Elsberry, Missouri. Elsberry is located just 59 miles north/northwest of St. Louis, Missouri near the Mississippi River.

It was here on April 26th that a mutilated steer was found by the owner on his property. The police reports indicated the sex organs were removed and the blood was drained from the body. Now that was very bizarre news for such a conservative community. Although, we know how news travels quickly.

It wasn’t long before additional cattle were found mutilated and UFO sightings were being reported as well into the summer of that year. This attracted the St. Louis newspaper, radio, and television reporters eager for a good news story.

I remember the news coverage on TV as a young ten year old. All of the local news channels were on-location with their cameras hoping to interview witnesses as new cases developed. People from all over the area were converging on Elsberry to sky watch and look for UFOs. It had become a media circus.

Despite the carnival atmosphere, the local law enforcement officials were taking this seriously. The bottom-line was that landowners were losing cattle. This was a crime as far as they were concerned. These cattle represented their livelihood and someone or something was killing them. This fact could not be denied.

The UFO sightings and cattle mutilations that started in Elsberry began to filter out into other surrounding areas of Missouri later that year and continued to generate ample news coverage till the end of the year. Again, I continued to hear about these reports and pondered what this was all about. What indeed?

After the 1973 Piedmont and 1978 Elsberry Missouri UFO waves, and hearing first-hand about my own sister’s UFO sighting, my interest in UFO research continued to escalate. But it wasn’t until 1990 that I took an active role in UFO research. I began investigating UFO sightings for The Mutual UFO Network (MUFON) that year and I also began to slowly amass a large library of UFO material. It is from this material that much of this book is derived.

It was an article in the local newspaper that my mother had saved for me that catapulted me into having an active role in the subject of UFOs. The article was a feature on a local man who served as the Illinois Assistant State Director for The Mutual UFO Network (MUFON). The full-page article was complete with photos and was a well-written, serious piece on the UFO subject.

With my level of interest in UFOs coupled with the fact the man in the article lived only fifteen minutes from my home, I decided to contact him and learn more about MUFON and their investigative role regarding UFOs. The man’s name was Forest Crawford. He too had a lifelong interest in the subject.

After an initial meeting with Forest that lasted hours into the late evening, I decided to join MUFON. Forest went from being a stranger to ultimately a lifelong friend and colleague in the field of UFOlogy. He not only introduced me to the subject, but to many pioneers in the research field in the years that followed.

Shortly after joining MUFON in March of 1990, I began to acquire as much written material on the subject as possible and became a voracious reader on the subject. One of the sources of information was MUFON’s own monthly publication, The MUFON UFO Journal, also known as the MUFON Journal. I found some of the cases contained therein most interesting.

In the July 1990 edition of the MUFON Journal (issue 267), I was first introduced to the subset of UFO reports known as “triangular UFOs.” Up to this time, I was unaware of the complexity of UFO reports. Like most people, I assumed most UFOs reported were shaped like flying saucers. Indeed, many reports describe this type of object, especially in the early years of the phenomenon in the late 1940s and throughout the 1950s. However, with this article, my eyes were opened to a subject that would intrigue and ultimately confront me as an investigator ten years later.

The 1990 article was written by veteran UFO researcher and journalist, Bob Pratt. The article was entitled “The Great Belgium UFO Flap” and was the cover story. In it, Pratt described the series of UFO sightings that had been sweeping the nation of Belgium since October 1989.

The only thing that dwarfed the number of witnesses, now numbering in the thousands, was the seemingly immense size of the objects in question. Pratt quoted witnesses as stating the objects were “as big as a football field” or “as big as or bigger than an aircraft carrier.” What was being seen in Belgium?

Pratt’s article went on to describe the ability of these objects to hover at very low altitudes then rapidly accelerate away. Also, the immense objects were reported to make little or no noise. A characteristic that was very strange involved the ability to pivot when turning as opposed to banking like conventional aircraft. These objects, whatever they were, apparently could make flat turns maintaining a horizontal position relative to the ground.


Illustration by Benoit Vierin from Vague d’ OVNI sur la Belgique.


One of the most compelling aspects of all of this was the fact the Belgian military fully acknowledged the sightings and had tracked the objects on both NATO ground and air-based radar systems. Pratt also discussed the pursuit by two F-16 jet interceptors on the night of March 30, 1990 and the subsequent radar tracking data obtained of the UFO.

The best documentation for this event was created by the Belgian Air Force secretarial staff. This event prompted their creation of a document entitled Report on the observation of UFOs During the Night of March 30-31, 1990. The report dissected the events of that night in detail. We will quickly examine some aspects of this report.

The first notation referred to a UFO sighting by a local resident in the municipality of Ramillies at 23:00 hours (GMT). He observed three bright lights from his home there that appeared to be changing colors and were distinguishable from surrounding stars and planets. The Wavre gendarmerie dispatched a patrol to confirm these reports. At 23:10, the resident called again to report a second triangle of lights that appeared near the first set of lights.

At 23:28, the gendarmes arrive on the scene and confirm the eyewitness reports. Minutes later, all observed these lights performing various acrobatic maneuvers. Simultaneously, these “lights” appeared on radar at the tracking station located in Glons based on the CRC (Control Reporting Center). This target was also confirmed by the radar tracking station at Semmerzake at 23:49.

Shortly after midnight, at 00:05, two F-16 jet interceptors were dispatched to identify the targets. The report is quoted as follows: “Between 00 h 07 and 00 h 54, under control of the CRC, on the whole nine interception attempts have been undertaken by the fighters. The planes have had, several times, brief radar contacts on the targets designated by the CRC. In three cases, the pilots managed to lock on the target during a few seconds, which, each time, induced a drastic change in the comportment of the UFOs. In no case, the pilots have had a visual contact with the UFO.”

A quick example of the radical maneuvers measured and observed by the F-16s involved one of the UFOs traveling initially at 7,000 feet at 150 knots which then climbed to an altitude of 10,000 feet at 570 knots in a matter of seconds. Then it abruptly descended to only 500 feet in the span of five seconds moving at an incredible 990 knots! Despite moving in excess of the speed of sound, no sonic boom was noted. The Belgian Air Force alludes to this in their report conclusions.

Some other conclusions they noted in the report were:


•The visual evidences, on which this report is partially based, come from gendarmes on duty, whose objectivity cannot be questioned.


•The speeds measured at that time (radar lock on) and the altitude shifts exclude the hypothesis according to which planes could be mistaken for the observed UFOs. The slow moves during the other phases differ also from the moves of planes.


•The hypothesis according to which it was an optical illusion, a mistake for planets, or any other meteorological phenomenon, is in contradiction with the radar observations, especially the 10,000 feet altitude and the geometrical position of the UFOs between themselves.


•The hypothesis of air phenomena resulting from projection of holograms must be excluded too: the laser projectors should have been normally observed by the pilots in flight. Moreover, the hologram cannot be detected by radar, and a laser projection can be seen only if there is a screen, like clouds for example. Here, the sky was clear, and there was no significant temperature inversion.


At the center of the worldwide media attention during this UFO wave was Colonel Wilfried De Brouwer of the Belgian Air Force. Colonel (later Major General) De Brouwer was Chief of the Operations Division in the Air Staff and served as the official spokesman for the Belgian Air Force throughout this period of time. Since his retirement, he has continued to be vocal regarding the series of UFO events that occurred in Belgium.

On November 12th, 2007, an assemblage of highly credible individuals from various military and aviation groups from around the world gathered together to discuss the subject of UFOs. The event was held at the National Press Club in Washington D.C. One of the many distinguished speakers was General De Brouwer. He made the following statement at the event:


“My name is Wilfried De Brouwer. I am a retired Major General of the Belgian Air Force and I was Chief (of) Operations in the Air Staff when an exceptional UFO wave took place over Belgium.

Indeed, during the evening of 29 November 1989, in a small area in Eastern Belgium, approximately 140 UFO sightings were reported. Hundreds of people saw a majestic triangular craft with a span of approximately 120 feet, powerful beaming spot lights, moving very slowly without making any significant noise but, in several cases, accelerating to very high speeds.

The following days and months, many more sightings would follow. The UFO wave would last more than one year during which a Belgian UFO organization conducted more than 650 investigations and recorded more than 400 hours of audio witness reports. On one occasion, a photograph revealed the triangular shape and four light beams of the object.

Belgium had no official focal point for reporting UFO observations. Nevertheless, in my function of Chief Operations, I was confronted with numerous questions about the origin and nature of these craft.

In the first instance, and in consultation with other NATO partners, I could confirm that no flights of stealth aircraft or any other experimental aircraft took place in the airspace of Belgium. In addition, the Civil Aviation Authorities confirmed that no flight plans had been introduced. This implied that the reported object(s) committed an infraction against the existing aviation rules.

The Belgian Air Force tried to identify the alleged intruder(s) and, on three occasions, launched F-16 aircraft. On one occasion, two F-16s registered rapid changes in speed and altitude which were well outside of the performance envelope of existing aircraft.

Nevertheless, the pilots could not establish visual contact and the investigation revealed that specific weather conditions may have caused electromagnetic interferences and false returns on the radar screens. The technical evidence was insufficient to conclude that abnormal air activities took place during that evening.

In short, the Belgian UFO wave was exceptional and the Air Force could not identify the nature, origin and intentions of the reported phenomena.”


Of course, this is just a brief taste of the Belgian UFO wave of 1989-1991. Much has been written on the subject in other books and on various websites. I mention it only as a prelude for later developments that ultimately led me to write this book. I was amazed by the nature of these triangular UFO reports coming out of Belgium. My interest was multi-faceted.

First, we are not talking about “lights in the sky” UFO reporting that could easily be explained away in conventional terms. These sightings appear to be what I would term “unambiguous” UFO reports. Most eyewitnesses in Belgium described structured craft of immense size upwards of 300 feet in length. Misidentification, although possible, is not likely given the nature of the reports and corroboration by numerous eyewitnesses.

Second, we are looking at the Belgian military who obviously was taking the matter seriously. More importantly, they were sharing information with the Belgian UFOlogists and public at-large including radar lock-on by one of the F-16s in addition to ground-based radar tracking.

I would continue to follow these triangular UFO reports coming out of Belgium along with others from varying countries including the United States and England. Reports consisted of equilateral as well as isosceles triangular flying platforms. They were compelling accounts, but only one aspect of the UFO subject as a whole. I was studying all I possibly could at the time regarding the overall subject.

During the next ten years, my knowledge of the UFO subject increased as did my UFO library. I had conducted numerous UFO investigations and worked with law enforcement on some cases and I had attended many meetings and conferences and networked with many fellow-researchers. I had even begun lecturing on the subject of UFOs. My interest continued to blossom.

Then my life changed with one particular UFO case.


===========================================================================
Chapter 1: The New Millennium


For most people who remember the dawning of the year 2000, it had nothing to do with the subject of UFOs. On Saturday, Jan. 1st, some of us were still sharing a collective sigh of relief that the dreaded Y2K doomsday event did not occur at the stroke of midnight. The world was still there and all of us had to return to our jobs and continue to pay taxes come Monday morning. Life went on as usual, at least for the first few days.

In the cold early morning hours of Wednesday, Jan. 5th, something was moving in the sky over the State of Illinois. Something was about to set off a series of events that would forever change the lives of those involved.

The first person to notice anything unusual that early morning was Mr. Melvern Noll. Mr. Noll is the owner of a miniature golf course located in Highland, Illinois, which is approximately 24 miles east of St. Louis, Missouri. During the off-season, Mr. Noll is a truck driver making deliveries at all hours of the day and night. Mr. Noll was returning from a delivery run he had just completed at approximately 4 a.m. Before returning home, he thought he would check his miniature golf course and make sure everything was in order.

He parked his truck in the back of the building and began to exit the vehicle. While doing so, he noticed a “bright star” over in the northeast sky. He didn’t give it much thought at the time and proceeded to enter the building. After checking things inside, he locked the building and was returning to his truck. Again, he noticed the “bright star” in the northeast sky. This time, he stopped and observed it more closely.

He noticed the light was, in fact, moving in his general direction. In just a few minutes, Mr. Noll noticed the bright white light was only part of a larger object which appeared to be rectangular in shape. The apparent size of the object was comparable to the size of a football field. Mr. Noll added that the object was also very tall and had a series of “windows” that ran down the side. He also noticed two “floors” each having two “windows.” These were described as rectangular with an intense white light radiating out from them. The “windows” appeared to be located more toward the rear of the object. When the object was very close, Mr. Noll stated he could see a large number of dim red lights on the bottom. He assumed the exterior color must have been black or dark gray.


Based on Melvern Noll’s Sketch.


The description he used to initially describe the object was looking like a “two-story house” in the sky. During this time, Mr. Noll did not notice any sound, odor, or emission coming from the object. As it moved away to the southwest, Mr. Noll noticed “windows” on the back of the object. He added that these appeared to have a series of vertical lines or bars.

The object appeared to move in a northeast to southwest direction. The speed was determined to be slow when compared to conventional aircraft. Mr. Noll did state that he recalls the object slowing down as it passed in close proximity to him before regaining speed as it moved away. Mr. Noll estimated the object was possibly a half-mile distant when it moved closest to his location. The altitude was estimated to be approximately 500 feet. The duration of this sighting was estimated to be around 5 minutes in length.

Mr. Noll promptly drove his pickup truck to the Highland Police Station. He thought that nobody would believe him, if he told his story. He hoped that the Highland Police could contact a neighboring town’s police officer that could verify there was something strange in the sky.

The dispatcher at the Highland Police Department listened to Mr. Noll’s account and determined that he was a rational individual, despite his unusual claim. She then contacted the Lebanon Police Department located 15 miles to the southwest. Officer Ed Barton responded to the call at 4:12 a.m.

Officer Barton was initially skeptical upon hearing the transmission. He asked the dispatchers if they were joking. They stated they were not joking. He then proceeded to the north end of town, past Horner Park, on Widicus Road. He did not see anything in the sky at this time. He then followed Widicus Road, as it turns from the North to the East, heading towards Illinois Route 4.

About halfway to Route 4, Officer Barton observed two large, brilliant white lights in the northeastern sky. The lights appeared so close together that Officer Barton thought they were almost touching each other. He stated the lights were so brilliant in intensity that the light rays radiated outward like the symbol of the Japanese Rising Sun battle flag from World War II. He became curious and decided to drive a little faster.

Upon arriving at Illinois Route 4, Officer Barton turned south, heading back towards Lebanon. He was able to observe the lights to his left through his driver’s side window as he was proceeding into town. At some point, as he was alternating between watching the lights and the road in front of him, the two bright lights now appeared to be one bright light. At this point, he switched on his overhead lights. He now believed this could possibly be an aircraft having problems.

Upon arriving in town, he made a left turn onto East Route 50 and proceeded east to a bridge at the bottom of the hill. At this point, he noticed the one bright light now appeared as an elongated cigar-shaped object and appeared to be stationary in the sky over the northeast end of the neighboring town of Summerfield.

At this point, he stopped on the side of the road. He did this because he now noticed the object appeared to be heading in his direction. He stated it was not moving very fast, but not very slowly either. Upon stopping the vehicle, he turned off all the lights and his squad car’s radio in an attempt to hear any noise possibly coming from the object. No noise was evident.

As it approached, he noticed the distinct shape of the object. It appeared as a massive, elongated, narrow triangle. It appeared larger in length than width. The apparent size of the object was conservatively estimated to be approximately 75 feet in length and 40 feet in width. At each point, Officer Barton observed, was a massive, bright, white light. These lights did not waver in intensity and appeared to be pointing straight down. He stated they did not light up the ground, but were very bright. In addition to these, there was one smaller flashing red light. which was situated closer to the two rear white lights, yet in the midline of the object. He noticed that the object was blotting out the stars above it, as it passed by him. He still could not discern any noise emanating from the object.


Based on Officer Ed Barton’s Sketch


At this time, the object appeared to be closest to Officer Barton. He estimated the object was no more than 100 feet distant and approximately 1,000 feet above the ground. Then he observed the object rotating in the sky. It was now pointed towards the southwest. As it rotated, the object did not bank as is expected of conventional aircraft. Rather, the object pivoted in mid-air without tilting to one side or the other and remained completely level.

At this point, Officer Barton reached down into his squad car to radio Central Command to tell them what he was observing. As he rose up with his microphone in hand, he noticed the object was off in the distance to the southwest.

He was able to observe the rear of the object before it moved off. His best analogy was in comparing it to the Millennium Falcon spacecraft from the motion picture Star Wars. It appeared to be rectangular and illuminated by white light. Through the middle of the light, running left to right, was a band of multi-colored illumination. He stated that there were not individual colored lights that you could discern. Rather, it appeared as a band of various colors, which blended into each other.

As the object disappeared from his line of sight, he continued the transmission by informing Central Command that the object should now be around Scott Air Force Base located approximately 8 miles to the southwest.

Officer David Martin of the Shiloh Police Department then radioed that he could indeed see something in the sky. Officer Martin was driving on the southern end of Shiloh heading east when he observed the mysterious object. The object appeared to be heading in a westerly direction. Officer Martin was able to observe three brilliant white lights, which were shining light downward from the object. However, the light did not illuminate the ground or objects on the ground. In addition, small red and green lights were observed on the back end of the object.

At this time, Officer Martin thought the object’s altitude was approximately 1,000 feet. He estimated the distance from his car to the object was about a quarter of a mile. He thought the object resembled the shape of an extra wide triangle or arrowhead. He noted that the underside of the object appeared to be constructed of individual pieces that were put together like “building blocks.” He stated it did not have a smooth bottom as one would expect with conventional aircraft. He estimated the apparent size to be 75-100 yards wide.

Officer Martin was driving slowly during his observations. He also rolled down his driver’s side window to determine if the object was emitting any sound. No sound could be heard.

Officer Martin estimated the object’s initial speed to be the equivalent of 15 mph. He then noticed the object had relocated further down the road in a split second right before his very eyes. He indicated the object must have moved at an incredible rate of speed to instantaneously relocate itself in the manner it did. He was very perplexed by this aspect. The object then continued to move away from him. The whole time the object remained silent.


Based on Officer David Martin’s Sketch.


Then 15 miles to the southwest in the town of Millstadt, Illinois, Officer Craig Stevens was on patrol and heard the radio traffic regarding this whole affair. His curiosity was aroused and he drove to the east end of Millstadt in an attempt to see this mysterious thing in the sky. After not seeing anything at that location, he proceeded to Liederkranz Park on the north end of town.

While sitting in his car, he observed a very large object that was roughly triangular in shape. Officer Stevens estimated the object to be only 500-1,000 feet in altitude. The flight speed was described as extremely slow. He also stated there was no noise with the exception of a “low decibel buzzing sound” that he could barely discern. As he watched the object, it began moving to the north. He could see the object had a white light on the left side, right side, and center of the back end. In addition, there was a single red light on the bottom. The back end also appeared to be slightly recessed.

At 4:39 a.m., Officer Stevens contacted his dispatcher to advise him that he could now see the object. He then exited his vehicle and grabbed the Polaroid camera from his squad car’s trunk that was typically used for crime scene photos. He aimed the camera at the object and took a picture. Unfortunately, as he mentioned the extreme cold temperatures of that morning (15-20 degrees Fahrenheit) caused the camera to work poorly. However, Stevens was able to produce one photo, though poor in quality before the object disappeared to the northwest. The photo did not yield any useful information as it only showed a few blurry lights against a black background. However, he should be commended for his efforts in attempting to photograph the object.


Based on Officer Craig Steven’s Sketch.


The last police officer to report seeing the object that morning was Officer Matt Jany from Dupo, Illinois. He was located 8 miles to the northwest of Officer Stevens in Millstadt. Jany also heard the radio traffic that morning and decided to take a look in the sky for himself. Several minutes after Officer Stevens’ radio transmission, Officer Jany observed an array of lights. Contrary to the other officers, he stated the object was at a relatively high altitude and proceeding in a north-northeasterly heading. It was so high in the sky that the officer said he wouldn’t have noticed it, if it weren’t for all the radio traffic. He stated it stayed to the east of Dupo. The altitude was described as being higher than that of a small plane but lower than that of a commercial aircraft.

Officer Jany viewed the object through binoculars, but was only able to see a conglomeration of lights. There were white and red lights visible. The white lights were at the extreme ends. The red lights were in the middle. Aside from the lights, he could not discern any size or shape due to the distance and altitude.

These witnesses provided enough data to project the flight path of the object as it traveled over the Southern Illinois area. Assuming we are dealing with one object, it apparently came from the northeast and traveled slowly over Highland to Summerfield. Once there, it turned to the southwest. It traveled within 1-2 miles of Scott Air Force Base as it passed through Shiloh. Then it later arrived near the town of Millstadt. It altered direction again and turned to the northwest. Shortly after that, the object then made a turn to the northeast while also increasing in altitude. The object apparently maintained a low altitude until this final maneuver.


One particular portion of this object’s flight involved the object’s rapid relocation as noted by Officer Ed Barton. When the object was located just outside of Summerfield, it pivoted and was pointed in a southwesterly position. Upon looking away and then looking back, Barton noted the object appeared close to Scott Air Force Base. It was then observed by Officer David Martin. The distance between these two locations is an estimated ten miles. The duration of flight between these two points was an estimated 2 to 3 seconds. According to one estimate, this calculated to 12,000 miles per hour. Given the object’s estimated altitude of 500 to 1,000 feet, this object should have created a sonic boom when it reached the sound barrier at roughly 742 miles per hour. The resulting effect should have been the creation of a sonic boom which would have rattled the entire area. However, no such reports were made by the witnesses or residents of the surrounding area. How could this happen?

It should be noted that many individuals subsequent to this event assumed the eyewitnesses misidentified a conventional military aircraft. The witnesses have lived and worked in the immediate area surrounding Scott Air Force Base for many years and were accustomed to aircraft (military and otherwise). Officer Barton noted he was a self-described military brat who grew up on Air Force Bases and that all aircraft he was aware of make some kind of noise. He then emphasized this mystery object made no noise.

One of the most intriguing aspects of this case beyond the UFO itself was the proximity of a major military base in relation to the flight path of the UFO. Scott Air Force Base serves as the 375th Air Mobility Command. Scott is a major player in the global mobility of troops, equipment, medical aid, etc. The base has several key command and control elements that assist in various operations for all branches of the United States military worldwide. Organizational elements based there include: U.S. Transportation Command, Air Mobility Command, Air Force Network Integration Center, the 618th Air and Space Operations Center (Tanker Airlift Control Center). In addition, it hosts a Reserve unit, the 932nd Airlift Wing, in addition to an Air National Guard unit and the 126th Air Refueling Wing.

Due to the location of Scott Air Force Base in relation to the UFO sightings, I found it necessary to contact them. Despite a history of the U.S. Air Force not being forthright with sharing UFO-related information, I felt I should pursue every possible source of information and filed a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) Request and sought answers to four important questions concerning the recent UFO sighting. I promptly received a courteous, albeit uninformative, letter of response with my questions and related answers (see Appendix for actual letter).


“In answer to your four questions:

1. Did your base receive any calls relating to this event? Answer: The only calls we received have been from the media asking for information about the event.

2. Did your base have any air or ground observers that witnessed the object? Answer: No, none that have come forward.

3. Did your base track any unknown object(s) on radar on the night of 1/05/00? Answer: No, our radar services are provided by the Federal Aviation Administration at Lambert St. Louis International Airport.

4. Is your base supporting or operating a craft that resembles the one described above? Answer: No.”


The St. Clair County Sheriff’s Office released the police dispatch audio recordings from that morning. This was the result of a Freedom of Information Act request filed by independent documentary filmmaker, Darryl Barker (see Appendix for actual CENCOM summary letter). What follows are the relevant transmissions with time stamps that pertain to this case:


Dispatcher: (4:11:55 a.m.) Lebanon, this is a call from Highland P.D. in reference to a truck driver who just stopped in. And (he) said there was a flying object in the area of Lebanon. It was like a two-story house. It had white lights and red blinking lights, and it was last seen southwest over Lebanon. Officer could you check the area?

Lebanon officer: (4:12 a.m.) It’s a joke right?

Dispatcher: (4:12 a.m.) No. This is not a joke. I just got off the phone with Nancy from Highland P.D.

Lebanon officer: (4:13 a.m.) 10-4. Did they say if the truck driver was DUI or anything?

Dispatcher: (4:13 a.m.) She said he was serious.

Lebanon officer: (4:13:40 a.m.) 10-4, and out.

Lebanon officer: (4:16 a.m.) Just a quick question. If I happened to find it, what am I supposed to do with it? If I see it, I'm not saying a word. Also be advised about the last thing that went over Lebanon -- this was approximately five minutes ago -- was a military cargo plane. It looked like a C-5. Affirmative. It should be (have) recognition lights. You have green, red, and also white.

Lebanon officer: (4:18:31 a.m.) Also, be advised there is a very bright white light east of town. It looks like it's just east of Summerfield, and it keeps changing colors. I'll go there and see maybe if it’s an aircraft. It doesn't look like an aircraft, though. That’s affirmative. It's not the moon, and it's not a star.

Lebanon officer: (4:21 a.m.) CENCOM 5404. If you would, would you contact Scott Air Force Base and see if they have anything flying within this area please?

Lebanon officer: (4:23:06 a.m.) 10-4. Well, whether it's a plane or not, it's heading westbound now.

Lebanon officer: (4:23:12 a.m.) It should be really close to Scott now.

Lebanon officer: (4:23:27 a.m.) Matter of fact, if the Shiloh officer looks up, they can probably see it by now.

Shiloh officer: (4:23:57 a.m.) 2550. I see something, but I don't know what the heck it is. . . It's probably heading to Lambert (International Airport).

Millstadt officer: (4:39:27 a.m.) CENCOM 6004.

Dispatcher: (4:39 a.m.) Go ahead.

Millstadt officer: (4:39 a.m.) I've got that object in sight also.

Dispatcher: (4:39 a.m.) Are you serious?

Millstadt officer: (4:39 a.m.) It's huge.

Dispatcher: (4:39 a.m.) 10-4.

Dispatcher: (4:40 a.m.) 6004 does it look like a... What does it look like to you?

Millstadt officer: (4:40:43 a.m.) It's kind of V-shaped. It looks like it's possibly headed toward Lambert.

Dispatcher: (4:40 a.m.) 10-4. That's what Shiloh said when it was heading towards Fairview Heights.

(One of the officers hums theme song to The Twilight Zone television show over his radio.)

Millstadt officer: (4:41 a.m.) Really.

Millstadt officer: (5:03:32 a.m.) CENCOM 6004.

Dispatcher: (5:03 a.m.) Go ahead 6004.

Millstadt officer: (5:03 a.m.) Does Dupo have a Polaroid (camera)?

Dispatcher: (5:03 a.m.) Ah, that, I don't know.

Dupo officer: (5:03:36 a.m.) 6004, (this is) 3923 on County (radio channel) 2.

Millstadt officer: (5:03 a.m.) 6004, go ahead.

Dupo officer: (5:03 a.m.) I'm not sure if this thing...item that you say...what you're seeing. This one here appears to be pretty high in the area. When I could first see it with binoculars, you could see it was different colors. Now it just appears to be white.

Millstadt officer: (5:03 a.m.) Is it very large?

Dupo officer: (5:03 a.m.) It's hard to tell. It's pretty far off in the distance.

Millstadt officer: (5:03 a.m.) This object was above me about 500 feet and it was huge.

Dupo officer: (5:03 a.m.) 10-4. This thing appears . . . it's probably 20 or 30,000 feet up right now. Now it’s usually where planes are. It's not low at all.


Having reviewed the initial details of this case, let us examine some particular aspects. The first concerns the obvious differences in the descriptions given by the witnesses. In examining the figures, we can see there are major disparities between them. Mr. Noll describes a large rectangular-shaped object.

Approximately twenty minutes later, Officer Barton reports seeing an elongated triangle. The other officers at least report seeing objects that are roughly triangular in appearance. Beyond differences in shape, we also have differences in the lighting configurations that were reported.

Initially, I believed there were several possibilities for the inconsistencies. The first involved the most prosaic explanation. Namely, witnesses make errors in their interpretations of what they claim to have seen. This is a fact all objective UFO researchers must never forget. This is most problematic during nighttime sightings such as this one.

One of the major problems relating to this is the issue of perspective. From what perspective did the witnesses view the object? Some witnesses were stationary while others were driving at the time of their sighting. In particular, Officer Barton’s descriptions vary, as he views the object from different distances and angles. To compound matters, the object was moving at various speeds and directions in relation to the observers.

Another possible explanation for the varied descriptions could be attributed to the notion that there were multiple objects of differing shapes in the sky that night. This would explain why different descriptions were received. I was somewhat skeptical regarding this due to a couple facts. The terrain around Highland, Summerfield, and Shiloh is relatively flat. On a clear night, like on Jan. 5th, you can see for miles in all directions. This is especially true between Highland and Summerfield.

If multiple objects were in the sky illuminated by an array of lights, observers should have seen any of them that were there. However, if a witness’ attention was initially drawn to the sighting of a UFO, would they be scanning the sky looking for others? That is highly doubtful. One would assume their attention would be fixed on the UFO itself to the exclusion of all else.

Yet, a third possible explanation could involve the object actually changing shape in flight. This is one of the more questionable ideas proposed. But, a review of the UFO literature will reveal a multitude of cases that involve objects that appear to change form while being viewed by the observer. I only consider it as a possibility. Later, we will explore other cases that demonstrate this behavior.

A final aspect related to this case involves the subsequent media coverage of the event. Compared to the typical tongue-in-cheek media coverage concerning UFO sightings, this served as an exception to the rule. For the most part, the local St. Louis area media coverage was extremely professional in its approach towards the story. I clearly recall the television news segments that covered this case and the professionalism of the newscasters. In addition, the newspaper articles were equally serious in their overall tone.

I believe there are a few reasons for this refreshing attitude towards this sequence of UFO sightings. First, we have the caliber of eyewitnesses. Namely, we have police officers that had everything to lose and nothing to gain by coming forward with their testimony. In addition, they provided corroborative testimony for one another by coming forward. The subsequent release of the St. Clair County police dispatch tapes that captured the police officers’ comments during the event added a sense of realism for those people that heard them as opposed to just reading statements made by the officers.

Another possible reason for the serious tone of news reports surrounding this event is due to the location of Scott Air Force Base (AFB) in proximity to the sightings. Most reporters probably suspected these officers witnessed some military black project associated with Scott AFB. So in their minds, the UFO was not thought of in terms of possible extraterrestrial visitation. Rather, it was more than likely a covert military operation. This was easier to digest for the reporters and their audiences.

The St. Louis Post-Dispatch of January 9th, 2000 ran an article entitled “Police officers in St. Clair County report seeing early-morning UFO.” The article reviewed the overall series of events as we have previously discussed. Specifically, the reporter interviewed Millstadt, Illinois police officer Craig Stevens. The article included a photo of his sketch of the UFO and his Polaroid photo.

As mentioned, the police officers had nothing to gain by reporting their UFO sightings. To bolster this, the Post-Dispatch article begins by stating “In the past few days, Millstadt police Officer Craig Stevens has slept little, taken countless phone messages from national experts and heard all of the little green men jokes his fellow officers can muster.” Perhaps the officers did gain something as a result of speaking up – a big headache.

The St. Louis Post-Dispatch ran a subsequent news article in their January 12th edition entitled “UFO sighting brings media attention, investigative team to Southern Illinois.” A subtitle to the article stated “Credibility of witnesses piques interest.” This article focused primarily on the Highland, Illinois witness, Melvern Noll. It also discussed out-of-State investigators descending on the area to investigate the case. Most importantly, it provided a map showing the sequence of sightings and corresponding flight path of the UFO.

On the Illinois side of the Mississippi River, local newspapers were publishing their own accounts of this major UFO sighting. The January 12th edition of the Waterloo Republic-Times ran a story entitled “UFO baffles observers” with the subtitle “Large, lighted object cruises the Metro East skies.” The article begins by asking its readers a question: “What is shaped like an arrowhead, as big as a football field, two stories tall and flies slowly through the air? If you don’t know, don’t feel bad. People across the Metro East saw an object fitting that description float overhead early last Wednesday morning, and no one yet has been able to explain what it was.”

In New Baden, another newspaper, the Clinton County News, ran a story on January 13th entitled “Lebanon Officer Witnesses UFO.” This article obviously focused on an interview with Officer Ed Barton who gave a highly-detailed account of his sighting to the newspaper. The serious nature of the article, like those previously published, was devoid of any sarcasm or levity.

The same day the O’Fallon Progress ran coverage as well in an article entitled “What could it have been? Unidentified object invades area skies.” This article also provided an overview of the sighting reports, but more importantly interviewed the Public Affairs Director at Scott AFB.

According to their Public Affairs Officer (PAO), they “did not receive any official calls regarding the UFO sighting in the installation area.” In addition, “The base has received no reports or calls from military or civilians who live or work on Scott.” Further, “None of the base’s 24-hour agencies, the Security Police, medical personnel, fire department or emergency services reported seeing the object that evening.”

In reference to radar at the base, the PAO added “The base runway and control tower are not 24-hour-a-day facilities. The base also has no radar but relies on the FAA radar approach system at Lambert International Airport. The tower was closed at the time of the sighting and no aircraft were in the air.” He added, “Later that morning, Scott (AFB) began receiving calls from the media soliciting information about the UFO sighting.”

Whether the PAO was simply misquoted or incorrect, there are a couple of errors in these statements that must be highlighted. First, let’s examine the comment “The base also has no radar but relies on the FAA radar approach system at Lambert International Airport.” It is true that Lambert has overall responsibility for air traffic in the greater St. Louis area including Scott AFB. What is not true is that Scott AFB “has no radar.” Anyone can drive by the base and see the air control tower and their rotating radar array. Scott Air Force Base has radar. In fact, we will learn more about this in the next chapter.

The other error relates to the base initially receiving word about the UFO. The PAO stated “Later that morning, Scott AFB began receiving calls from the media soliciting information about the UFO sighting.” This bares similarities to the statement in their letter of response to my FOIA request. However, this comment is simply not accurate or true.

On the St. Clair County dispatch tapes at 4:21 am, Officer Ed Barton of Lebanon is heard requesting of Central Command “If you would, would you contact Scott Air Force Base and see if they have anything flying within this area please?” At this point Central Command contacted Scott AFB to notify them of the situation and inquired about any potential military aircraft in the area. Scott AFB informed them they knew of nothing. It is at this point in those early morning hours, while events were still in motion, that Scott AFB was first notified of something unusual. It was not, as the PAO stated, “later that morning” when reporters began calling them.

Were these statements simple errors or outright deception? I will let you be the judge. Regardless, I do believe officials at Scott AFB knew more than they were sharing with the public. If the eyewitness accounts are true and an unidentified flying object was sighted within 1 to 2 miles of the base, we are left with two basic scenarios.

One scenario is that this was some type of top secret military aircraft that the Air Force refused to acknowledge. This is the most practical explanation and one whose secrecy I could respect.

The second is that this was not a military vehicle and was completely foreign to military officials. If this scenario is true, the implications are chilling. A genuine UFO flew by a major military installation and caught the military completely by surprise to the point where no overt defensive response was initiated. I make this statement since no one reported seeing jet interceptors or any other military aircraft dispatched to identify / intercept the object.

Again, when examining this case alone, the covert military aircraft seems the most tenable explanation. However, no UFO case exists in a vacuum. Any well-documented case should be examined in the overall context of other cases and historical reports. This is no different than a crime being investigated by law enforcement and then compared to similar crimes in their database to look for any potential patterns or leads.

In the years that followed the January 5th, 2000 incident, I adopted this same approach. The evidence I later uncovered and present in this book, would strongly argue against the military explanation and favors the alternate hypothesis – a genuine UFO.


===========================================================================
Chapter 2: New Information, New Insights


As the year 2000 marched onward, interest in the Illinois UFO case did not waver. In fact, shortly after my initial investigation, I was contacted by the MUFON International Director at the time, Walt Andrus. I had met with Walt on a number of occasions at various UFO conferences in the past and was happy to hear from him. He had received my reports on this case at MUFON headquarters and requested that I write an article about it for the MUFON UFO Journal. I was happy to oblige and it was the cover story of the March 2000 issue that year.

During this same time, UFO enthusiasts and skeptics began the usual back-and-forth discussion/argument over what the origin of this object might have been. Most of those on the skeptical end of the spectrum attributed the sightings to some top secret military aircraft. The UFO enthusiasts contemplated the possibility of it being a genuine extra-terrestrial vehicle of some kind.

One of the most outlandish explanations put forth was that the object seen on January 5th, 2000 was simply the planet Venus that was mistaken for a UFO! This explanation was vocalized by none other than the late UFO skeptic, Philip J. Klass who was well-known within UFO circles for decades as “the” UFO skeptic. He was also a senior aviation editor for Aviation Week & Space Technology magazine for over thirty years. When objectively viewed, some of his criticisms over the years in respect to UFO cases were warranted. However, most would argue that the vast majority of his explanations simply did not fit well with the details of a case.

I was in communication with Phil right after the UFO incident over southern Illinois. He had contacted me to gather information on the case. Despite the negative experiences many UFO investigators have had with Phil, I must admit that he was always very courteous and polite in his dealings with me. However, that being said, I did not agree at all with Phil’s assessment of this case.

In his Skeptics UFO Newsletter (SUN) dated March 2000, Klass went into a lengthy lecture on how the planet Venus has been misidentified by many so-called UFO eyewitnesses. This is factually accurate. I have personally investigated cases where the reporting witness claims to see a UFO when, upon closer examination, it turns out to be the planet Venus. Oftentimes, this occurs when Venus is low on the horizon where refraction occurs that distorts/magnifies its actual appearance.

Towards the end of his article, Phil had a final notation entitled “Will Venus explanation for Illinois UFO be accepted?” He stated “SUN predicts that the Venus explanation for the Illinois UFO will be rejected by many, if not all, of the ‘witnesses,’… and by many UFO researchers. Very rarely are persons willing to admit that they mistook a bright planet for a UFO. Additionally, many of the Illinois UFO witnesses have now become local celebrities as a result of media coverage and their appearance on radio-TV shows, including the famous Art Bell talk show.”

I have no problem with the Venus explanation for some UFO sightings. However, when the witnesses observe the UFO traversing the sky from the northeast to southwest in minutes or seconds; when one witness hears a humming sound coming from the object; when multiple officers see the object blotting out stars as it moves overhead, we need to look elsewhere for a viable explanation. One final important fact to note is that Venus didn’t begin to rise over the East-Southeastern horizon on January 5th, 2000 until a full thirty minutes after the first sighting by an eyewitness who was looking to the Northeast!

In his follow-up SUN issue of May 2000, Klass acknowledged the fact that Venus was scheduled to rise after the initial witness had his sighting. He stated this ruled out this particular sighting as being triggered by Venus, but left the insinuation the other eyewitness reports may have involved the planet. He also highlighted earlier in the newsletter my investigative report published by MUFON.

Shortly after my article was published, I was contacted by veteran UFO researcher, Lou Farish, who requested that I attend his Ozark UFO Conference in Eureka Springs, Arkansas that April to discuss this UFO event. Again, I was more than willing to share my insights into the case, despite having no solid explanations for the sightings. That April, I stood before 400+ conference attendees to lecture on the case. This was the first public discussion other than the local St. Louis area news broadcasts in the days immediately following the sightings of January 5th.

This was also my first public lecture on the subject of UFOs. Despite being enthusiastic to discuss the case, I was a bit nervous. However, the positive response and keen interest on the part of the audience demonstrated to me the significance of this case in the history of UFOlogy. Up until this time, I was busy interviewing, writing, and analyzing the raw reports. Now, I was able to see first-hand the level of interest this case generated with people at large.

I discussed the sequence of events based on my interviews and showed a slide show of various locations where witnesses were positioned at the time of their sightings. I also showed a map of the area and discussed the apparent flight path of the object based on the eyewitness testimony. In addition, I discussed the location of Scott Air Force Base in relation to the sightings.

I stated that I found it hard to believe that the Air Force was ignorant of the events of that morning given the proximity of the UFO to the Air Base. In addition, I shared the letter of response to my inquiries from the base’s Public Information Office that indicated all radar is handled by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) out of Lambert International Airport in nearby St. Louis, Missouri. At the time, I felt this was an attempt to deflect attention away from the military base and their radar system.

After concluding my conference lecture, I began to step away from the speaker’s podium. Immediately a middle-aged man grabbed my arm and spoke in my ear “If you have questions about radar in this case, I can assist you. I work for the FAA and helped install the radar systems at Lambert International Airport.” He then proceeded to give me his FAA business card as if to validate what he was telling me. Needless-to-say, I was taken aback being confronted by a representative of the FAA at a UFO conference. Those not well-acquainted with the subject would be surprised to see the caliber of people that sometimes attend these UFO events.

Despite other audience members clamoring around me to ask questions, eventually this man and I stepped outside the lecture hall to discuss matters further. He was attending the conference in an unofficial capacity, since he personally had an interest in the UFO subject. His name is Richard Taylor and he had a 38 year career with the FAA. He served as an Air Traffic Controller for 17 years. Following that, he went into the Electronics Maintenance (i.e., radar and automation) division and later served as a Technical Inspector. As mentioned, he also supervised the installation by Westinghouse of the existing radar system at Lambert International Airport. Suffice-it-to-say, Richard is well-acquainted with radar.

Richard reviewed with me the fundamentals of radar. Some of the information I was already familiar with while much was very enlightening. We ended our conversation by him offering to take me to the radar facility at Lambert when it was convenient. It should be stated up front that this was prior to the horrific terrorist attacks of 9/11 when security was much less restrictive than it is today.

Approximately one month later, I met with Richard in St. Louis. He led me to the radar tower at Lambert International Airport where he then proceeded to introduce me to the FAA staff that was on duty at the time. I must state that all of the men that I met expressed a genuine interest in the January 5th, 2000 UFO case. There were no snickers or snide comments made. I believe this was partly due to the number of police officers involved as well as the local media’s serious attention given to the case.

They asked me about the details of the event. I shared what information I had at the time. At one point, they commented that if the UFO was flying between 500 to 1,000 feet altitude as witnesses stated, the object may have been flying below their radar. Richard chimed in at this point. He stated that he previously informed me that the radar data would no longer be available due to the FAA policy of recycling the recordings every 14 days. They stated that was indeed the case.

As Richard led me back downstairs, we passed their break room. We briefly stepped in so he could introduce me to one more gentlemen who was on break watching the History Channel on TV as I remember. Introductions were made and the subject of lost radar data was mentioned again. Immediately, this man told Richard that the data still existed. He said that it was “pulled” due to a request from an “outside agency.” To this day, we are not sure which “agency” requested the data.

This conversation led Richard to make subsequent inquiries and he tracked down the man who saved the data upon receiving this earlier request. He was also able to secure a copy of it for me as well. This he provided along with the necessary software to view it. Amazingly, I now had the radar data from the morning of January 5th, 2000!

Upon processing the data with Richard’s assistance, we were able to plot the latitude and longitude coordinates of the eyewitnesses and had specific times of their sightings as provided by the time stamps on the St. Clair County police dispatch tapes. From an investigative standpoint, it doesn’t get much better than this!

Despite having viewed the data dozens of times and factoring in multiple variables and filters, we found no radar targets that matched the location coordinates and times of the witness sightings. This was disappointing but did not in any way invalidate the case. Again, as my FAA friends alluded to on my recent visit, if the estimates of altitude were fairly accurate, their radar may not have detected the object due to being obscured by the terrain between the radar site at Lambert and the UFO.

Again, my attention was drawn to Scott Air Force Base. Despite Lambert Airport having overall jurisdiction over air space around the greater St. Louis area including Scott, they have their radar array located in St. Louis. Scott has a radar array as well and it was much closer to the flight path of the object (estimated one to two miles). However, according to official sources, their radar was down for routine maintenance at that time. As mentioned in the last chapter, the Public Affairs Officer even reportedly stated they did not have radar!

This raises an interesting question: Did the operators of this object know the radar was non-functional at the time and take advantage of this opportunity to make a flyby of the military base? Is it coincidental that this remarkable event occurred during this limited window of opportunity? Regardless of who was operating the craft (i.e., human or otherwise), this aspect of the case is most intriguing. Richard Taylor informed me that we have the ability to monitor active radar frequencies or lack thereof in any given area. Why couldn’t others do it? Regardless, it doesn’t answer the question as to who was operating this craft. It simply speaks to the timing of the event.

Over the subsequent years, this case began to garner additional media attention. Numerous production teams descended upon the witnesses to interview and re-create the events of that early January morning for their television audiences. At the same time, the internet was rampant with speculation on the part of skeptics and UFO believers alike regarding what truly occurred in the skies of southern Illinois.

Despite the confusing and often misleading statements and documentaries made about this UFO-related event, the most objective and accurate portrayal of this landmark case was created by my friend and colleague, Darryl Barker who not only interviewed the initial series of eyewitnesses that came forward, but incorporated his interviews and research into a 30-minute independent documentary film entitled The Edge of Reality: Illinois UFO, January 5th, 2000.

While I initially focused on the primary eyewitnesses and then later delved into historical research regarding triangular UFOs, Darryl developed a website dedicated to the case and continued to receive emails from individuals claiming first or second-hand knowledge of the UFO seen over Illinois in January 2000. Due to his continual efforts in documenting additional eyewitness testimony, I asked Darryl to share his findings. What follows are some of the most intriguing aspects of his interviews and hard work over the last 13 years in his own words:


Before discussing my investigation of the January 5, 2000 Illinois UFO case, I would like to thank David Marler for his paramount work on the UFO subject made possible by his tireless labor and focused energy. He is devoted to the understanding of an elusive phenomenon that has fascinated millions of people around the world for hundreds, if not thousands, of years.

I cannot recount how many times I’ve been informed by a wide array of people that what the January 5, 2000 UFO witnesses actually saw was - anything but a genuine unidentified flying object.

After observing the gauntlet of media attention the January 5th witnesses received, it is easy to understand why any person who valued their livelihood, self-esteem, and sanity would be reticent to become the main attraction in the UFO-media circus. However, as convenient an escape might be from the spotlight, the January 5th witnesses who came forward never backed away from their assertions and their testimony. While the seed of doubt regarding what they observed remained with them, the facts they reported have been well documented in successive interviews by many people from unrelated organizations. With all the attention, both good and bad that the witnesses had heaped upon them, not one witness has recanted their statements.

On the morning of January 5, 2000, a computer technician working for a St. Louis law firm was driving home at 2:00 a.m. As he drove south on Highway 67 in Florissant, Missouri, his attention was drawn to something in the air that was moving toward and then over the highway at an approximated 100 to 200 feet altitude. It appeared to him as a rectangular object that spanned the width of the four lane highway. It “looked like a bus” he stated in testimony recorded in 2004, and on the side of the object was what appeared to be a large “window,” lit up from within. As the object crossed the highway in silence, the man noticed that a Florissant police officer was pulled over on the side of the road and was standing outside his car watching the object. Within the object’s illuminated window, the man reported seeing what appeared to be “a child skipping” which then paused at the window and peered outward.

The witness informed his wife that same morning of the event. After interviewing him in 2004, I confirmed with his wife the details as he initially conveyed them to her. The man testified that he had viewed a very strange object at 2:00 a.m. over a major highway in Florissant, Missouri which is a St. Louis municipality west of the Mississippi River. No media coverage was ever given to this sighting. Conversely, the series of events that was about to transpire later that same morning on the eastern side of the great river would soon become worldwide news.

The chain of events that began roughly at 4:00 a.m. over Highland, Illinois has been thoroughly recounted by David Marler at the beginning of this book based on the original eyewitness testimonies. Melvern Noll, observed what was described as a rectangular box or “flying house,” which was similar to the 2:00 a.m. report by the aforementioned Florissant witness. Melvern Noll’s subsequent sketch of the UFO did not depict a triangle, rather a rectangular object, which left some to question the witness’ angle of observation in an effort to link his “box” to the triangles as reported by the other witnesses. This was the natural course of logic in the year 2000, in an effort to construct a sequence of sightings and a flight path involving what was assumed to be one object. Additional eyewitness testimony that emerged in the years that followed this sighting would provide corroboration that a UFO was observed on the morning of January 5th. More importantly, it also called into question the single UFO theory.

The late Officer Edward Barton of the Lebanon, Illinois police department was very helpful during my investigation of this case. In addition to providing his own account of the incident, he also informed me that another police officer in nearby O’Fallon, Illinois had also witnessed the object.

I contacted the O’Fallon police department and was directed to Detective Mark Lopinot, who agreed to a videotaped interview. On July 22, 2002, Detective Lopinot provided his testimony. Detective Lopinot’s sighting took place approximately two hours before the end of his shift, which places the sighting between 4:00 and 4:30 a.m. on January 5th, 2000. Lopinot did not note the exact time.

Following are several excerpts from Detective Lopinot’s testimony:

“It seemed to be huge in size, it was very big.”

“I noticed it was going very, very slow.”

“If it’s a plane, it would be stalling because it was going that slow.”

“I didn’t hear any kind of helicopter rotor wash or any type of propeller noise.”

“I couldn’t see a body behind it. All I could see was these lights.”

“The only thing I thought was uh, real peculiar was the type of lighting because I’ve never seen that on a plane and that it appeared to take a ninety degree turn and that it was moving way too slow for a plane cause it would stall. That’s why I thought it was helicopters.”

“My guess is it was here first and headed to Shiloh. It was headed toward Shiloh.”

I’m trying to rationalize all this you know?”

“It was low….maybe 200 feet.”

“It was wider than any wingspan I’ve seen and ….I’ve flown in L-1011s. I’ve been in 747s. It was wider than any wingspan of any plane I’ve seen.”

“The weirdest thing at no point in time did it ever change the shape as it moved away from me. “

”I saw it…make a 90 degree turn if you will…..but not conventional with the turns we know, not like a plane would turn. It could have just moved sideways, I do not know. Just like an ‘L’. Just like a ninety (degree turn).”

“That’s the weirdest thing. I couldn’t tell what’s bottom or top. That was the weirdest thing. It was a cluster of lights. And that’s why I thought, it was so big in mass, I thought helicopter, helicopter, helicopter, helicopter, helicopter.”


Re-creation of Lopinot’s sighting by Darryl Barker.


If the five lights observed by Detective Lopinot were part of a single object as he believed they were, Lopinot observed an object with a width (by his estimation) in excess of the wingspan of a C-5 military plane which is 222 feet. For comparison, a 747 jetliner wingspan is 211 feet.

His first observation of the formation of lights was from a distance while driving directly toward them. He observed them moving; stopping; and making a ninety-degree change in course to the southwest. All of this was performed without any perceptible sound from motors, engines, helicopter rotors, or blimp engines. Additionally, the formation of lights which were amber in color with an occasional purple tinge, never changed their relationship to each other as they moved away from Lopinot toward the Illinois town of Shiloh. However, the two lights in the bottom row, did from time to time, fade from view and then back again. Detective Lopinot speculated that these two lower lights may have become obscured by the body of the object or simply faded away. He could not be sure either way.

During Detective Lopinot’s final moments of observation, the five lights were in the same position as in the beginning of his observation, which appeared to be facing him, even as they moved past a distant tree line to the southwest. Lopinot stated that although the object or objects were like nothing he had ever experienced, he did dismiss it as “something from Scott (Air Force Base).” This was also the immediate reaction from Officer Matt Jany of the Dupo Police Department, who observed an unusual object to his east, following Officer Craig Stevens’ sighting near Millstadt, Illinois. Both Lopinot and Jany observed a flying object that behaved in a manner unfamiliar to them, yet their immediate assumption was that the source of the object was the nearby Air Force Base. The reaction of the three other police officers, who observed a UFO that same morning was not as dismissive. This might be attributed to the details of their encounters.

After more than a decade following this landmark UFO sighting over Illinois, this story continues to interest news organizations, television documentarians, and the public. The truth about what was observed by these witnesses has yet to be publicly addressed by any state or federal government office. The U.S. military continues to grant contract awards to defense industry aircraft makers, yet these cutting edge aircraft cannot perform the aerial maneuvers observed by the January 5th, 2000 witnesses. So where does that leave us? Some pundits and self-lauded UFO experts continue to dismiss the January 5th, 2000 case as “military” in origin, while others immediately assume an extra-terrestrial explanation. The truth may be somewhere in the middle.

Perhaps some new ground can be explored as new witnesses come forward. One such witness contacted me in 2012, when his wife first sent me an email providing a brief description of his encounter. What he observed on the morning of January 5th, 2000 would be a first in terms of a new parameter to assess the assumed flight path of what was assumed to be a single UFO that morning. Remaining anonymous, we will refer to him as “Mr. C.”

Mr. C was on his way home from a distant job location and had traveled north in Illinois where he had just arrived at the intersection of Interstate 64 and Highway 4, which is situated just east of Mid-America Airport and Scott Air Force Base. Mr. C exited the interstate and was turning north on Highway 4 when he noticed at about 200 feet altitude, two red lights. His initial impression was that they might be radio tower lights. But then he observed what appeared to be six double garage door-sized “windows” light up. It now resembled a “house” up in the air moving towards him as he continued to drive north.

Two more red lights then appeared and now defined, as best he could ascertain, a boxlike shape or rectangular object in the air. His description was that of a “flying house” and he provided this description in a cell phone call he made to his wife which awakened her at roughly 4:10 a.m. - 4:15 a.m. Mr. C stopped his truck on the side of Highway 4 and watched the “box” as it came to a stationary position just east of him. As he watched it, he continued to give a play-by-play to his wife who was now on the phone with him. The object began to flash its lights similar to a “computer modem” (i.e., rapidly flashing).

Knowing the flash sequence was not Morse code, Mr. C then panned the nearby area to see if he could see if the flashing was some kind of communication and he then observed a distinct triangular craft south of this location. The triangle was no more than 500 feet altitude and was also flashing red lights that were located on the tips of the triangle. After this exchange, the triangle made a flat, pivoting turn and moved to the west/southwest.

Turning back to the “box,” Mr. C then had a profound feeling that he was being watched. Still on the phone, he told his wife of this odd feeling. He returned to his truck and drove north on Highway 4 toward Lebanon, Illinois and it was during his northbound drive that the “box” followed his vehicle. Mr. C was adamant that the object followed him, as he could see out the side window of his truck. When he passed a tree line nearing the town of Lebanon, he lost sight of the object.

The new parameter this report offers is of course, that we are not dealing with just one unidentified object. Mr. C observed two separate UFOs: one a distinct triangle and the other being a rectangular box. The effort made to rationalize Melvern Noll’s box-shaped “flying house” as a triangle seen from the side may no longer be a viable notion. With three separate witnesses who reported a rectangular object, the man in Florissant, Melvern Noll in Highland, and Mr. C, considerations must be made for the possibility that two separate types of UFOs were in the air over the area that morning. It is possible that a two-story high triangle as seen from the side could be interpreted as a rectangle. However, none of the “box” witnesses indicated they had observed any triangular aspects.

We have three January 5th, 2000 witnesses who reported a rectangular box with similar lighting characteristics in addition to the witnesses who reported a distinct triangle. However, even within the triangular reports, there are variations in the descriptions. It may be possible that there was more than one type of triangular craft over the area as well, leading to a scenario more complex than previously thought. If this is the case, the UFO incident over Illinois could be on the same scale as the Belgium sightings from 1989 to 1991, where several craft were observed by police and hundreds of witnesses.

Furthermore, if this series of events was observed by anyone at Scott Air Force Base, and the source of these objects was not “ours” then it is no surprise that the U.S. government remains silent on the event, for the admission of such a spectacular event would surely send a chill through the populace. It is not every day that a small flotilla of UFOs cruises by a major Air Force Base. At least, not that we know of…


Again, I am indebted to Darryl Barker for generously providing his additional eyewitness material. I have found Darryl to be extremely objective and detailed-oriented in his investigation. His methodical approach to examining the evidence is only rivaled by his tenacity towards unraveling this mystery. He not only is a good colleague, but a great and dear friend. Those interested in his research are encouraged to visit his website: www.dbarkertv.com for further information.

This newest testimony offered by “Mr. C” illustrates how difficult it is to close an investigation into a UFO case. You never know when new information may present itself. Despite exhaustive investigations on the part of Darryl and I spanning the last thirteen years, here we are faced with new and compelling testimony. It should be mentioned that Darryl has had many people offer up purported testimony to UFO sightings that Darryl did not deem credible based on one reason or another. After multiple interviews, Darryl found “Mr. C” to be concise, clear, and consistent in his testimony. “Mr. C” also has impeccable credentials relating to a former job position he once held that adds to his overall credibility.

Beyond the aspects of this new witness’ character, of significance is his testimony and how it weaves into the narrative previously discussed regarding January 5th, 2000. Never publicly discussed, Darryl and I had issues trying to resolve Officer Lopinot’s sighting in O’Fallon with that of Officer Barton and Officer Martin in Lebanon and Shiloh respectively. Specifically, when the UFO reportedly shot away to the southwest as reported by Barton, it was then sighted by Officer Martin. However, when examining the direction of flight described by Barton, this did not correspond with the location of Officer Martin assuming there was a linear flight path involved. Rather, it would have placed the UFO in the exact location of where “Mr. C” reported his triangular UFO sighting. Again, this was never made public and “Mr. C” would have no way of knowing this.

Finally, if we examine Officer Lopinot’s testimony, he indicated the UFO departed towards the town of Shiloh, Illinois. Taking into account his UFO’s reported direction of departure, this would have placed the UFO in the exact location of Officer Martin’s sighting directly across Interstate 64 to the southwest. Following the information as it has been presented, we are now forced to conclude there appears to have been at least three separate UFOs in the vicinity of Scott Air Force Base on the morning of January 5th, 2000 (see map).


For those that have difficulty accepting the notion of a solitary UFO flying in proximity to Scott Air Force Base, this new scenario may truly stretch credulity. However, as we will explore later in this book, there is a rich history of these sighting reports. Specifically, accounts showing a pattern of multiple triangular UFOs being sighted together and rectangular UFOs being seen with them as well. As you will soon see, the events of January 5th, 2000 were not unique.

In addition to the eyewitnesses described by Darryl, I was also contacted by others who claim to have observed the UFO around the same timeframe. In fact, two separate groups of eyewitnesses claim to have seen the same triangular object in southern Illinois the night of January 4th, 2000 – hours prior to the initial sightings starting around 4:00 a.m. on January 5th. One group was located in the town of Litchfield, Illinois (located approximately 42 miles north of Highland) and the other was located in the town of Millstadt (where Officer Craig Stevens would later report his UFO).

Unfortunately, both lead witnesses in these instances failed to meet for face-to-face interviews and ceased communication with me. Either they decided they did not want any undue publicity or they were not truthful in their initial reporting. Many UFO investigations involve witnesses who seem open initially to discussion, but who then later change their minds. I only mention this since it may imply UFO-related events occurring in the area outside the originally conceived timeframe between 4:00 a.m. and 5:00 a.m.

Likewise, additional people stepped forward to claim they saw the object after this same initial timeframe. One such witness was a man near Frank Holten State Park in East St. Louis, Illinois. He claims to have observed the object in the southwest sky around 7:00 a.m. on January 5th – two hours after the last police sighting in Dupo, Illinois.

One witness, who later came forward to a mutual friend of ours, allowed me to interview him. This man is a private pilot. In January 2000, he had a plane housed in a hangar in Columbia, Illinois located seven miles west of Millstadt. Based on his location and testimony, he may have observed the UFO between the time Officer Stevens (Millstadt) and Officer Jany (Dupo) saw the UFO. What follows are excerpts of my interview with him. I have changed his name to protect his identity.


“My name is John and I have an airplane down in Columbia, Illinois. I was working late over at my hangar. I had just left the hangar. I had noticed that there was something in the sky and it was pretty bright and pretty big. I (could) see a large triangular-shaped object. It was probably around 2,000 feet in the air or maybe a little lower. It is kind of hard to tell at night. It was hovering and it wasn’t moving very fast (when it did move). It made no sound whatsoever. And it had lights on the tips that I could tell of the object. I watched it move to the north. It was between Old Route 3 and the Mississippi River. I don’t know how big this thing was, but it was huge! It looked like the size of a football field. It was huge!

I watched it five to ten minutes. It moved kind of abruptly, but not too fast. It didn’t bank when it turned. It was horizontal. It stayed horizontal when it made its turns. It was kind of an abrupt movement, but no sound whatsoever. I watched it for a while until it kind of disappeared. I didn’t know if we were under attack or what was going on because I had never seen anything like this thing before. It was following (Interstate) 255 (in its flight path heading south to north). Like I said, that was some years ago, but I can distinctly remember it. I will never forget it!”


I then asked him how many years he was a pilot at the time of the sighting. He indicated he was a pilot for seven years in 2000. I then inquired of him that, as a pilot, how was he interpreting what he was observing? His reply was to the point. He stated:


“I really didn’t know what I was seeing because I had never seen anything that big in the air! And that’s what really kind of terrified me in a sense because it didn’t make any noise and, like I said, it was huge! I really didn’t know what to think about it! It was moving slowly and it wasn’t hurting anything. But, there again, I just observed it. Obviously, somebody would know about it somewhere because you’re not going to be able to hide something that huge in a hangar.”


I then asked him about any subsequent conversations he had with fellow-pilots or others after the morning of January 5th, 2000. His statement sheds some light on additional police involvement and eyewitnesses. He stated:


“I did mention it to a few other police officers over there in the Dupo (Illinois) area. They said there were some (Illinois) State Patrol people that apparently seen this thing and followed it for awhile. So apparently there were quite a few people that seen the same thing that I seen. Apparently, you know, it’s not just me (as a witness). There’s something going on. It’s unbelievable! But I will never forget that. I will never forget that!”


The latest in a series of witnesses who came forward was in the summer of 2012. What follows is the testimony of a man who was interviewed by Illinois and Missouri MUFON investigators. I interviewed him later and found him to be a highly credible witness. His name is Tom Jensen and this is his story:


“I worked as a firefighter for 24 years. I was an Assistant Chief for 12 of those years. I was also a member of the local Bomb and Arson Squad. Let’s start by the date. Around Jan. 5, 2000 (not sure of the exact date), I was at a nearby township investigating a house fire. Around 3:00 a.m., I walked back to my truck to clean off all the dirt from my boots and turn out gear. I started listening to the hand walkie-talkie two-way radio in my truck. We were picking up radio traffic from the area dispatcher. The dispatcher was talking to some Police cars about an object moving North West in the night sky.

After about 10 minutes, I started heading home on I-44 east bound. That’s when I picked up our county dispatcher talking again to a Union, Missouri Police Officer about a large black object over Hwy. 50 & Hwy. 47. I turned down Hwy. 47 towards Union, Missouri. As I came over the hill into town I saw three white lights about 75 feet apart from each other. In between the round white lights there were multicolored-color lights scrolling back and forth from left to right and back again.

I came down the hill and pulled up behind two Police Officers parked on the side of the road. I then could see a very large triangular-shaped craft with more lights on the bottom of the object. There was one very bright white light in each corner and one red light in the center towards the back of the craft. The white lights were beaming straight down.

The red light was blinking on and off like a radio tower light. I got out my truck and started walking up to the Police Officers. One officer was from the City of Union, Missouri the other was a Franklin County Deputy. Just as I got up to them, the object started to move off to the northwest at a jogging pace. The two officers got in their cars and started to chase the object.

I was unable to keep up with the two officers. They were using their overhead lights. So, after a minute or so, I caught up to them. I got out of the truck again and walked up to the officers. The craft had stopped again about a mile up the road. As we were watching, the bright spotlights in each corner came down to about 100 feet from the ground and stopped. No light beam touched the ground. We watched the craft for about 10 minutes. Then the craft moved again. This time, only about one half mile and stopped again. After stopping and getting out to talk with the officers again, I noticed the County officer was trying to talk to the dispatcher by two-way radio. I had a portable two-way radio with me and could not pick-up any radio traffic from the County or the officer in front of me.

I need to mention that the craft was directly overhead and about 500 feet altitude. The craft was also the width of a football field. The sides in some parts of the craft where about 10 feet at the corners and moved up to about 20 feet. in the center, making it curved on top and flat across the bottom. As this craft moved again all radio traffic returned to normal. We again could hear the dispatcher talking.

As the craft moved off for the third time, the County officer looked at both of us and said “I have another call pending” and got back in to his car and drove off! So the Union officer told me he was too far out of the city limits and added “I don’t see a thing” and got back in his car, turned around on old Hwy A and drove off. I watched the craft move off until I could not see the lights any longer. It was moving cross country and there were only private roads and driveways in that area. I then got back into my truck and drove home.

At the second stop the county officer was trying to set his dash camera in the upward direction, but it was bolted in and would not turn. I waited for weeks to see this story in the news paper or on the TV news, but no one filed a report. Due to the fact I didn’t have a Police report to fall back on, I decided not to talk to anyone about this sighting. Now that I’m retired and this craft keeps showing up in Missouri, I thought I would bring this story to light. Hopefully, this will help out investigators in the future.”


Tom Jenson’s UFO model.


Of course, I am indebted to this witness for coming forward with his testimony. If true, this is an important aspect of this case that deserves recognition. It must be emphasized the witness was not certain as to the exact date of his sighting. He thought it was January 5th, 2000, but added it could have been a day or two before or after. If it did occur on January 5th that year, it changes the overall complexion of this case in that it further extends the geographic area involved. Namely, it places another triangular object a full fifty miles further west than the initial flight path. Could we have had three identical UFOs operating in two separate yet nearby locales? This may stretch the imagination, but as previously mentioned this is not an uncommon occurrence regarding these objects.

As a researcher, I was initially cautious of this testimony. The witness took twelve years to come forward with this report. This, of course, does not automatically disqualify the veracity of someone’s statements. Upon interviewing the witness, I learned that he did not wish to initially go public with his sighting due to his job position with the county. He did not wish to jeopardize his career over a UFO sighting. However, over the years, he felt an obligation to report what he had witnessed. He stated he did not want to go to his grave without sharing this information with someone.

I also need to address the witness’ statement about lack of media attention on this case. This story, as previously-mentioned, was covered in the local St. Louis area newspapers and TV news for days and weeks after the event. I acknowledge that perhaps the gentlemen simply did not see or hear of any of these, but it seems unlikely. Again, upon interviewing him, he clarified he was alluding to the local Union, Missouri UFO not the Illinois reports that had indeed garnered lots of attention.


It is difficult to logically resolve the time estimate and geographic distance of fifty miles. The witness indicated he first heard the police radio transmissions from Illinois around 3:00 a.m. This would be a full hour before the first eyewitness, Melvern Noll, sighted the UFO let alone reported it to authorities. As far as the distance is concerned, we are looking at an estimated fifty miles outside the initially established flight path of the object. Given the observed acceleration rates of the UFO, this in itself may not seem that outlandish. However, with the population density of the greater St. Louis area even at that early hour of the morning, it would be more plausible if we had one or more witnesses who claim to have seen the object anywhere between southern Illinois and Union, Missouri. This would help piece these disparate episodes together.

Again though, are we faced with the ever-growing possibility there was more than one UFO cavorting about the night skies around St. Louis, Missouri? If this is the case, the similarities between the Illinois and Union, Missouri objects cannot be a coincidence. If two or more identical objects of unknown origin were operating in this area, they must have been doing so as part of a coordinated operation. But what operation was being conducted?

In reference to the Union, Missouri case, the best we could hope for is that the police officers referenced in the report would come forward and be interviewed. Their testimony could bolster this man’s report and add to its validity. I include it to illustrate the subsequent eyewitness testimony that I received.

It should be noted that this witness from the Union, Missouri area did not believe in UFOs prior to his sighting. He told me point blank that he thought those who reported UFOs were crazy people. Since January 2000, he has been forced to reevaluate his stance on the subject. Initially, he thought what he witnessed was some type of military craft. Over the years, he has heard of other reports made worldwide and is unsure as to the origin of these objects.

Despite his uncertainty as to their origin, this has not stopped him from ruminating about the sighting in the subsequent years. His interest reached a point where he began creating three dimensional illuminated models of the UFO in question. Luckily, this witness is extremely talented in the area of woodworking and was able to fashion very detailed models to illustrate his sighting. One of the models he generously presented to me in 2013 when he learned of my research and upcoming book.

Despite the dramatic nature of these sightings by credible witnesses coupled with the subsequent media coverage that refrained from ridiculing the eyewitness reports, I was stunned by the lack of concern on the part of those who lived in the flight path of the object(s). Again, most people I spoke with at the time did not discount that these witnesses saw something. Of course, no one had a conclusive answer. However, most people assumed it was something military in origin.

If the reports could be attributed to some type of experimental military aircraft, why would these be test flown over populated areas when there are locations elsewhere designated for this purpose? Based on the eyewitness reports, the object(s) did not operate with characteristics indicative of conventional jet aircraft. Therefore, we must ask ourselves, “What type of propulsion technology was being utilized?” More importantly, the question remains, “What type of materials or byproducts (e.g., radiation) may the populace have been exposed to as a result of this object operating 1,000 feet over their homes?” I consider this to be a very real and valid issue, but those living in the flight path of the object(s) never voiced any concerns relating to this. Life continued and people went back to their day-to-day activities in the wake of these incredible sightings.

Certainly, cases like this illustrate the complexity of UFO investigations. As more testimony comes forward, it must be analyzed and interpreted to see how it fits into the larger framework of the case. New information leads us to re-examine previously held conclusions. What started as the sighting of a solitary UFO may have evolved into a much more complex case involving multiple UFOs operating around a major metropolitan area and military base.

I later applied this same principle of re-examination to this case relative to the history of UFO reports as a whole. Just when I thought my work was done, I found myself engaging in historical research that would consume me for years to come.


===========================================================================
Chapter 3: The Historical Review Begins


Given the quality and volume of eyewitness testimony related to the January 5th, 2000 UFO incident and the similarities between that night and the events in Belgium from 1989 to 1991, I began to wonder what other UFO reports might exist that bear striking similarities to these. Were these repeated characteristics a coincidence or was there something more here?

Obviously, over the course of fifty plus years, a wealth of UFO reports has been accumulated from official and unofficial sources. They vary considerably with regard to the eyewitnesses as well as the purported unidentified objects themselves. Many of these exist in newspaper reports.

One such report that I came across was from an article in the Wisconsin State Journal dated April 28, 1953. The gist of the article focuses on UFO research conducted by one of the teachers at the University of Wisconsin. Helmuth Engelman is described in the article as a “jet course instructor” for the university focusing on jet engine design and propulsion characteristics. In his spare time, he researched and lectured on the UFO subject.

He related in the article that one of his “non-believer” students eventually became a “believer.” He stated that the student sent him a letter some months back that related a bizarre encounter with an unidentified flying object while driving on the Pennsylvania turnpike one morning. The student is quoted as saying “It was triangular in shape, resembling the type which was first reported over the Dutch East Indies in 1890 and which caused the great flying triangle scare in England in 1894.”

At this point, let’s examine what was just stated. First, we have a triangular UFO report from 1953 as reported by this student. Based on the limited information, we can assume this was a single-witness case, which of course is not as credible as compared to a multiple witness case. However, the fact there was a report of this nature made in the year 1953 is intriguing. More intriguing are the references he makes to triangular UFO reports from the years 1890 and 1894. How far do these reports go back historically speaking? I decided to track these reports down.

Earlier in the same newspaper article that these references were made, I noticed a discussion on Charles Fort. For those not familiar with Mr. Fort, he was an American who lived from 1874 to 1932. He traveled extensively and was best known as an author on anomalous phenomena. His most popular book being The Book of the Damned, published in 1919. Since there was a reference to Charles Fort, perhaps the accounts of triangular UFOs in the late 1800s were taken from his works.

In reviewing my copy of The Book of the Damned, I came across several intriguing reports. Despite the fact they are not references to what the newspaper article alludes to, they should be mentioned here in the context of our discussion.

One such report was taken from the publication, Nature (vol. 90 pg. 169). Fort relates that a Mr. Charles Tilden Smith of Chisbury, Wiltshire, England on April 8, 1912 observed an unusual sight. He goes on to state that Mr. Smith described it as “unlike anything that I had ever seen before. Although I have studied the skies for many years, I have never seen anything like it.”

Fort relates that what Mr. Smith observed were two stationary dark patches on the clouds. Specifically, they were dark patches that appeared stationary on moving clouds. In other words, the dark areas moved with the clouds so their relative positions did not change in relation to the clouds themselves. The most intriguing aspect was that the dark areas were triangular in shape. This was observed for more than thirty minutes.

Mr. Smith’s impression was that these were like “a heavy shadow cast upon a thin veil of clouds by some unseen object away in the west, which was intercepting the sun’s rays.” It is not a stretch of the imagination to assume that two large triangular-shaped shadows were most likely caused by two large triangular-shaped objects. Now what the objects might have been is another question.

To add to the confusion, Fort relates a similar instance of sorts. This time, the appearances were observed on the surface of the moon! In Scientific American (vol. 46 pg. 49), is the account made by several observers from Lebanon, Connecticut. On the evening of July 3, 1882, these observers claimed to have witnessed “two triangular luminous appearances” seen “on the moon’s upper limb” as Fort put it. These disappeared after a time and were replaced two dark triangular “appearances” three minutes later on the moon’s “lower limb.” They were seen to approach each other then meet and instantly disappear. Most staggering were the apparent size of the images as they “seemed to be cutting off or obliterating nearly a quarter of its (moon’s) surface.” Again, if the narrative isn’t compelling enough, the year of this report is – 1882.

An interesting aspect with regard to these two reports is that two triangular appearances for lack of a better term in each case were reported. This will factor into the discussion in Chapter 7 when we examine in greater detail the common characteristics of these reports.

Despite these curious and potentially relevant reports, they are not providing us with insight into the statements made in the Wisconsin State Journal article of 1953. I decided to start reviewing the UFO literature prior to the year 1953 in the hopes of finding the source(s) of the references to “the Dutch East Indies in 1890” and “the great flying triangle scare in England in 1894.”

After an extensive review of what was published regarding flying saucers up to that time, I found a reference in Donald Keyhoe’s first UFO book entitled, The Flying Saucers Are Real, published in 1950. It is this reference that I believe was the basis for the statement made in the newspaper article.

In chapter 7 of his book, Keyhoe wrote:


“In New Zealand, a year later, an oval-shaped disk was reported speeding high overhead. This was on May 4, 1888. About two years after this (circa 1890), several large aerial bodies were sighted hovering over the Dutch East Indies. Most accounts described them as roughly triangular, about one hundred feet on the base and two hundred feet on the sides. But some observers thought they might be longer and narrower.”


Later in the same chapter, Keyhoe stated:


“On August 26, 1894, a British admiral reported sighting a large disk with a projection like a tail. And a year after this (1895), both England and Scotland buzzed with stories of triangular-shaped objects like those seen in the Dutch East Indies. Although many officials scoffed at the stories, more than one astronomer stuck to his belief that the mysterious things might be coming from outer space. Since planes and dirigibles were then unknown, there was no one on Earth who could have been responsible for them.”


As I continued to pursue this mystery, my curiosity was piqued even further. Again, we have reports dating from the late 19th century! More importantly, in the reports from the Dutch East Indies, the description of size is most important. Beyond triangular UFOs being reported, we have descriptions of appreciable size. Namely, the reports clearly describe the objects as one hundred feet wide at the base and two hundred feet in overall length. This correlates with the reports from Belgium and Southern Illinois in the years 1989-1991 and 2000 respectively. Is it possible we are dealing with the same objects despite the geographical differences and temporal difference of roughly 100 years? My review of the historical material was just beginning, but if this pattern continued to be displayed as I reviewed additional reports, what were we dealing with?

At this point, I would like to discuss a most intriguing first-hand report relayed to my dear friend and colleague, Peter Davenport, Director of The National UFO Reporting Center (www.ufocenter.com) based in the State of Washington. It involves the personal account of a Mr. Holger Berg (now deceased) of a UFO sighting he had in the year 1936.

Davenport’s report summary:


“One Saturday evening in October 1936, two teenage men, Mr. Holger Berg, age 19, and his workmate, a “Mr. Peterson,” appear to have had an encounter with a very strange, triangular-shaped, aerial craft, an event that both intrigued, and confused, Mr. Berg to the end of his life.

The two men were employed by the U. S. Civilian Conservation Corps to help construct a “CCC” camp in Eklutna, located approximately 27 miles northeast of Anchorage. Having completed the final day of work of their typical six-day work week, they two threw on their jackets, and set out from the camp, with the intent of hitchhiking into Anchorage, a trip they already had made on several occasions that summer.

After a mile or two of walking, hoping for a ride, they were concerned by that fact that no vehicles had passed them on the highway, and that the temperature was significantly lower than they had prepared for. They began to become chilled, and they realized that they should have worn much heavier clothing than what they had left camp with.

Consequently, they were relieved finally to see ahead of them what they initially assumed was a single headlight on an approaching truck. However, as the light continued to draw closer, the two lads began to suspect that it was not a truck at all, but rather some type of peculiar aircraft that they could not identify.

What began to trouble them is that as the object drew closer was that its shape was that its shape was distinctly triangular, similar in appearance to that of a flat-iron, used for ironing clothes. Moreover, it appeared to them to be embedded in a “cloud” of blue-green light, a color they had never seen before.

In addition, it seemed to emanate a very peculiar sound, what they perceived to be a strange buzzing or humming. Mr. Berg averred that the sound was similar to the sound that a turbine engine generates, when it is shut down, a sound he later in life heard many times when he worked for The Boeing Aircraft Company.

As the object passed almost directly over them, the two men were able to confirm the triangular shape of the ventral surface of the craft. As it flew away from them, the witnesses could see some type of peculiar, multi-colored lighting on its aft end.

The two young men became so frightened by the object, at the recommendation of Mr. Berg, they both dove into a nearby snow bank, intent on concealing themselves from the craft. After they were convinced that the object had left the area, they climbed out of the snow bank, and ran all the way back to camp.

Mr. Berg reported to the National UFO Reporting Center that whenever he attempted to discuss the incident with friends or family members, they ridiculed him and often laughed. He had not talked about the incident for decades, when he finally reported it to the National UFO Reporting Center in September 2000.”


Due to the early date of this sighting, included below is a transcript of the actual statements made by Mr. Berg as recorded by Peter Davenport with the witness’ kind permission:


“It was in the fall of (the year) 1936 at 27 miles out of Anchorage at a place called Eklutna. Another fella and I were hitchhiking to town. It was kinda stupid since the temperature was below 20 (degrees Fahrenheit). However, we were six miles at least away from the camp. We saw this light and we said ‘Oh boy! A truck is coming.’

Well, anyway all of a sudden we realized this thing was up in the air and we couldn't figure out what it was and before we knew it, it was right above us and it had kind of a blue-green light in it and it made a sound and I never heard that sound again until I heard the first jet engine shutdown, kind of a low whining sound. And this fella’s name was Peterson him and I dove into a snow bank and we watched it. It passed overhead and it looked like it was going to run right into the mountain to our right. When it got to the mountain, this thing went over the top and down the other side. And we said ‘That does it! We’re going back!’ We don't know what it was. But we thought it was something secret the government was doing.

It looked like it was cigar-shaped. However, as it got away from us, it looked more like a flat iron. You know it (was) wider at the back than it was at the front. I'm sure that we had that in our sites (for) over 3 minutes. Cause it was not moving very fast and it was less than 1000 feet. And this is the part that really frightened us. When I think about it, there may have been more than one light but it was one blue-green light or maybe a couple of them either on the sides or on the top. I was too rattled to really, you know (process it all). And my response was to Peterson was ‘God! Dive into the snow! I think it's going to crash!’

We were looking at the side of it. And as it passed...as it got away...it looked wider at the back than it did (appear) at the front. The sound that came from it was nothing like they had in those days. Those were all piston engines. And like I said the sound reminded me of when the pilot shuts down a turbine. It had a kind of a whining sound until it finally peters out. And that's the sound that I heard. And I'm sure Peterson heard it to.”


So here is an early first-hand account of a triangular UFO sighting from 1936. Despite the fact it was reported many years later, it cannot be completely ignored, since we have established that earlier accounts have been documented prior to this one. As I have learned, any one case should not be accepted at face-value as “fact,” but when one examines the cumulative body of reports, we should at least suspend our disbelief and look more closely at the data rather than simply dismiss it out-of-hand.

This brings us to a number of early newspaper reports. I have drawn from my own extensive collection of UFO news clippings as well as from a number of newspaper archives to bring these to you. Compared to most conventional reports posted on the internet where often they are anonymous, these early newspaper articles provide more credible information. By that, I mean we can establish the witness is who they state they are, since newspapers would usually verify the source of the story prior to publishing it. In addition, with the earlier newspaper accounts, they would often include the name and address of the witnesses referenced in the article. One early example is included below from 1950 in its entirety:


We can look at another newspaper report from the early 1950s that illustrates this. In this instance, the object in-question is described as a “flying arrowhead.” The report is from The Daily Gazette in Berkley, California dated January 6, 1953. The article’s title tells the story quite well: “Saucers Outmoded: Texans Sight Flying Arrowhead.” The incident occurred over Dallas, Texas beginning at 3:00 a.m. (CST) and lasted a total of two hours. The basic description was arrowhead-shaped with a green nose and wings that gave off a white light. The object was further described as emitting a whirring noise.

Witnesses included police officers as well as citizens who were calling to report their sightings. Police contacted the air control tower at Love Field and personnel there were observing the object as well. Wyle Moore was the on-duty controller and stated when he first saw the object he estimated it was at 30,000 feet altitude. He stated the object appeared to increase in altitude over time from 80,000 to 100,000 feet. Then he stated it was out of visual range. Rumors of an attempted military jet intercept were mentioned, but could not be substantiated.

Whether or not the military were involved in this incident, as we shall see in Chapter 6, the military does have an extensive history of involvement with these elusive triangles. To briefly illustrate this, we need only look at another encounter with a triangular UFO that occurred just three months after the event over Dallas, Texas.

This event was chronicled in The Kingsport News in Kingsport, Tennessee, on April 20, 1953. The title of the article was “Four Airmen Spot ‘Discs’ Over Korea.” Despite the article alluding to multiple UFOs being sighted over the active military area traveling at super-sonic speeds in the last few days, it focused on one particular incident on the Korean Western Front.

The article stated:


“At approximately 1:00 p.m. today (Sunday) aerial observers in two separate planes flying routine reconnaissance missions, observed a white, rounded, delta-shaped object.” We have yet again another descriptive term for these triangular objects: ‘delta-shaped.’ The article continues by saying “It was traveling between 60 and 80 miles per hour in a vibrating motion. The course of the flight was from north-northwest to south-southwest over enemy territory.”


Korea is not alone when it comes to reports of triangular UFOs over the years. The following year, a wave of triangular UFO reports swept Germany. An International News Service (INS) wire story dated July 3, 1954 is quoted as stating “Three hundred West Berliners were reported today to have seen three triangular-shaped flying saucers on several occasions during the past few weeks. Rudolf Hermes, a director of Tempelhof Airport in Berlin, said all the witnesses described the objects as shiny.” Witnesses also claimed the “saucers” seemed to pull away with tremendous speed and in a zigzag motion. The article closed by saying “American and British officials have begun an investigation.” This is one of the earliest references to military investigations of triangular UFOs.

It should come as no surprise that military officials from the United States and Britain were interested in these reports enough to launch an investigation. This case alone cites “three hundred” Germans who were witness to, not one, but three triangular UFOs! This case, in conjunction with the ones we have already discussed, should make any government and, more specifically, military stand up and take notice.

Perhaps the investigation was not launched because of what occurred in the skies over Berlin, but because of what transpired just four days prior over the Canadian region of Goose Bay, Labrador on June 29, 1954, where another triangular UFO was sighted. This time, it was witnessed by eleven crew members of a British Overseas Airways Corporation (BOAC) Stratocruiser and most of the fifty-one passengers for a full eighteen minutes.

The flight had departed New York City at 5:00 p.m. EST en route to London. Its flight path took it up the East Coast of the United States to Goose Bay which was a refueling stop prior to crossing the Atlantic. It was 9:05 p.m. Labrador time and they were flying level at 19,000 feet when the pilot, Captain James Howard, first observed something strange in the sky.

Captain Howard stated that, at first, he saw what looked like “an indeterminate dark blob in the distance with six smaller blobs dancing attendance on it.” Howard drew the attention of his First Officer, Lee Boyd, to the objects. Both men were unsure what they were observing. At this point the objects were stretched out in a line parallel to their flight path. As they observed the array of objects, the larger one was in the center of the line with the smaller ones lined up three in front and three behind. They likened it to a battleship with escort ships.

As though this was not fascinating enough, they then noticed the main object began to change shape. While this was occurring, they noticed the smaller objects were moving as well. In fact, they had the impression that the smaller objects were entering and exiting the main object and, in fact, there may have been more than six attendant objects total. They notified Goose Bay Approach Control of their situation. No other air traffic was detected on radar according to Goose Bay, but they were going to see about dispatching a jet fighter to identify the objects. During all of this, crew members began filing into the cockpit to get a better look and discuss amongst themselves what they were seeing.

Howard then noted the main object changed from a pear-shape to that of “an enormous delta-wing plane turning in to close with us.” The object seemed to grow larger as though closing on the Stratocruiser, but then the delta-wing appearance changed yet again to that of a “giant telephone receiver lying on its back in the sky.” Due to the nature of the main object continually changing, Captain Howard would later refer to the UFO as a “flying jellyfish.” Many subsequent newspaper articles included interviews and illustrations based on Howard’s initial sketches made during the time of the sighting. This one is taken from the Daily Mail Reporter in London dated July 2, 1954.


Captain Howard stated the object looked as large as an ocean liner. Still, the smaller objects cavorted around the main one in various positions. The entire cluster of objects including the main one always appeared to maintain the same altitude and flight speed as that of the passenger plane which afforded the passengers optimal viewing.

Across the radio speaker came the voice of a jet interceptor pilot who was closing on their position. He asked if the objects were still visible and Captain Howard confirmed this. The interceptor pilot stated he was approximately twenty miles distant from their current location. Then Howard noticed the smaller attendant objects had suddenly disappeared. He asked his crew where the smaller objects had gone. The navigator, George Allen, stated “It looked to me as though they went inside the big one.” Then the main object began to dramatically shrink in size and appeared to be departing rapidly. The jet interceptor never made visual or radar contact.

However, the object had kept pace with the Stratocruiser for eighty miles of their journey for a full eighteen minutes. Twenty minutes after the objects disappeared, the plane landed safely at Goose Bay. The crew was met by a United States Air Force Intelligence Officer and they were interviewed about the events of that evening. As in the case of Berlin four days later, the United States military was interested in investigating the report. The Labrador sighting generated numerous newspaper headlines around the world.

One final note regarding the Labrador incident involves veteran UFO investigator and author, Leonard Cramp. Mr. Cramp wrote an article for the very first issue of Flying Saucer Review in the spring of 1955. The article, entitled “Mystery Over Labrador,” attempted to lay out the details of this sighting and make sense out of what exactly the witnesses had observed. One of Cramp’s final analyses was that the main object was, in fact, a large triangular craft that served as a “mother ship” with the smaller “scout ships” suspected of being disc-shaped, based on Cramp’s analysis of Captain Howard’s sketches and testimony. According to Cramp, the differences in sizes and shapes reported were attributed to the relative positions of the objects changing over time and viewing the same objects from different angles. Regardless of the final interpretation, the Labrador case will remain one of the great UFO events of all time.

However, Canada was not finished with triangular UFOs before the year 1954 concluded. On December 27th, the Toronto Telegram ran a story entitled: “Flying Triangle Hovers Over Cobalt.” The object reportedly hovered over the Agaunico Mine for five hours. The night watchman of the mine had indicated the object was very close to the ground and light from the object was so intense it almost blinded him. Another witness stated the light was as bright as a photographer’s flash bulb. Other witnesses were interviewed in the article and all agreed the object was low, bright, stationary, and triangular in appearance. One witness stated “Then it started to go up and down slowly, then shot high into the sky at a tremendous speed. Fantastic. Just fantastic.”

It should be noted that this incident over the Agaunico Mine was just one in a series of UFO sightings that occurred in that general area years before and afterwards. These have been well-documented by Michel M. Deschamps and his civilian organization, Northern Ontario UFO Research & Study (NOUFORS). Many historical newspaper clippings are listed on their website: www.noufors.com.

Speaking of civilian UFO organizations, one of the first groups in the United States was The Aerial Phenomena Research Organization (APRO) which was founded in 1952 by Coral and Jim Lorenzen. Their publication, the APRO Bulletin, discussed two separate triangular UFO incidents in their August 1955 issue.

The first involved Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Dayton, Ohio. This was the home of the United States Air Force Air Technical Intelligence Center (ATIC) which was the nerve center for their UFO investigations. As the APRO Bulletin reports, on March 30, 1955 “a triangular-shaped object of silver color hovered over this Air Base for about 15 minutes early one morning. (It was) reported on the 8:00 a.m. newscast, but never mentioned again.” The article continues by stating the primary witness was a friend of an APRO member who was riding a bus past the base when she and the majority of other passengers observed it.

The second incident occurred on August 11, 1955 in Cairo, Illinois. A female resident, who wished to remain anonymous, observed a triangular-shaped object around 9:30 p.m. The article is quoted as saying “The front end of the object was dark, middle part was bluish green, and the rear of the object was very bright. (It was) seen low on the horizon above the trees, heading north and slightly west. There was no sound, trail, and the light of the object was not hazy, but rather ‘brighter than the sun’, as the observer described it. The lady said the object appeared to be about ten times as long as the width of the crossbar of a TV antenna in the neighborhood.”

It is interesting to note the description of the light being so bright. It is similar in-nature to the Cobalt report from the previous year. Also, the apparent size of the object could best be defined as large when taking into consideration the comparison of “ten times the width of the crossbar of a TV antenna” for those of us old enough to remember those now-outdated items.

A year later, APRO published another report in their September 1956 issue of the APRO Bulletin. They quote excerpts from the Daily Missoulian newspaper from Missoula, Montana dated September 5, 1956. The article discusses a number of UFO sightings in the area, but focused on one primary sighting report involving a triangular UFO. The article is quoted as saying “Meanwhile, citizens still speculated on the object sighted over Pattee Canyon near Kalispell, Montana on the 3rd of September. Described as triangular in shape with a bright yellow glow, it was an important enough sighting for the Helena, Montana Filter Center to summon jet aircraft to investigate.” The article goes into detail mentioning a number of military personnel who observed the object. Then the article states “Although Air Force and civilian officials watched the object, it was not picked up on radar. When jets came in at 12:45 a.m. and witnesses observed that as the aircraft closed in, the object faded and, as they drew away, the light brightened again.” Was this an example of intelligent control and a direct response to our aircraft approaching?

Despite the intriguing nature of this report, the fact remains that multiple military witnesses observed it for more than three hours. Also, that the jet interceptors dispatched were unable to identify the object. A spokesman for the Montana State University astronomy department stated the object was, in their opinion, the planet Mars. I leave it up to the reader to decide.

Four months later in Ashby, Minnesota, another triangular UFO was sighted. This report was taken from the Daily Journal from Fergus Falls, Minnesota, dated January 3, 1957. The article states “Shortly before midnight (on January 2nd), while driving NE to their home, Mr. and Mrs. Herbert Naderson and their sons observed a ‘triangular figure with two lights side by side in the lower part and some light along the edges in the eastern sky. A darker section was noted in the center. The family watched the phenomenon for three-quarters of an hour as it traveled ‘very slowly’ and ‘high in the sky’ below high clouds.”

Another report of a triangular UFO makes the news before the year ends. This incident was documented in the newspaper, News from Camarillo, California dated November 14, 1957. The incident occurred at 6:22 a.m. on November 8, 1957. The article is quoted as saying:


“Mrs. Connie Foster, long time resident here, who works at Camarillo State Hospital, went out to get her car out of her garage at 6:22 Friday morning and saw a Flying Triangle all lighted up moving across the sky from southeast to northwest. She said it was moving with the triangle base facing forward, and that it looked like it was all lighted up from the inside, with bright lights on the tips of the triangle. She watched it for nearly half an hour before it disappeared. It was far up in the sky and not moving at a great rate of speed. The Flying Triangle was also seen by Mrs. Larry Logue (of), 125 E. Loop, Camarillo Heights.”


This case illustrates one of the most unusual aspects of many of these triangular reports. Namely, the ability for them to move through the atmosphere with the “base” of the triangle as the leading-edge. This would seem to contradict basic aerodynamic principles as we know them. If this were a conventional aircraft, why wouldn’t the point of the triangle be the leading edge? It would seem to facilitate easier movement through the air like most aircraft we are familiar with. We will explore this in greater detail in Chapter 7.

Another intriguing report can be found courtesy of another early civilian UFO investigative organization, The National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP) that was founded in 1956. Their files, now in the possession of The Center For UFO Studies (CUFOS) (www.cufos.org), features a report dated September 5, 1958. The report details the sighting of a triangular object that flew over the witness in Albuquerque, New Mexico on July 18, 1958. The witness was a high school student at the time. He was enjoying a beautiful evening lying on his back staring at the stars. At 8:30 p.m. an object described as an equilateral triangle flew directly overhead in a north to south direction moving at an estimated 70 to 100 miles per hour. Estimated altitude was 1,000 feet. The estimated duration of the sighting was ten seconds. This time, the point of the triangle was the leading edge.

A sketch was provided in the report and showed an equilateral triangle surrounded on its edges by twelve small orange lights equally spaced along the edges (three on each side and one on each point). However, the witness stated he was not sure what the total number of lights may have been. The witness also added that the object, although moving in a straight line, “gave the impression that it was sailing – wavering from side to side a slight bit.” One comment the witness noted on the report form was “The object I saw was very unusual.” Who could disagree with that statement in 1958?

The year 1960 had a number of well-documented reports specifically in the month of September. The first sighting I was able to discover occurred in Westbrook, Connecticut on the evening of September 2nd and in the nearby area of Chalker Beach the subsequent evening by multiple witnesses. The sightings were documented in the Hartford Courant newspaper dated September 17, 1960 in an article entitled: “New Saucer Twist: ‘Flying Triangle’ Seen in State.”

The primary witness in this report was a Mr. Richard Ireton. He and his wife and neighbors discussed sighting “flying triangles” two weeks earlier. He indicated that he was hesitant to initially report the sightings due to fear of public ridicule. Later, he decided to come forward with his testimony. The article is quoted as follows:


“Eeerie: No Noise

Ireton said that about 11:30 p.m. Sept. 2 he and his wife were driving on Rt. 1 in Westbrook. After crossing a bridge, he noticed ‘an aircraft about to crash.’

He stopped the car to watch the object, which he and his wife saw ‘veer to the south toward the shore’. They drove to the beach. There they saw the object again, going ‘about the speed of a Piper Cub plane’.

The eeriest part of the whole thing he said, was that the flying object made no sound.

‘Terrific Speed’

The object went toward Cornfield Point where it hovered in the air, going first back and forth horizontally and then up and down, Ireton said. It then flew back past him toward the public beach at Westbrook.

Ireton returned to his car and drove to the public beach. There he said, he saw it go up and off at an angle ‘at a terrific rate of speed’ toward Long Island Sound – but with no sound of its own.

He said the object had, at two points of the triangle, white lights, at the third point, a blue light. In its center was a revolving red light, Ireton said.”


Hartford Courant, September 17, 1960.


Later in the article, Ireton relates a second sighting of apparently the same object or similar object on September 3rd. This time, he and his wife had additional witnesses to the event. They were staying at his father’s cottage on Chalker Beach and were in the company of the people staying in the neighboring cottage. The article stated:


“It was seen about 9:30 p.m., hovered over the water for a while, then went up very fast and stayed in one spot.

Ireton watched the object with binoculars for half an hour. Then he became cold, he said, and went into the cottage. Several people in this area told him they saw the same thing at the same times, he said.

Finally feeling his experiences weren’t incredible, he reported the sightings to State Police. They said other sightings were reported, but had no advisory on what the object might be.”


This case features many aspects that will surface time and time again as we explore the history of reports. The characteristics of rapid speed and silent flight are of special note. This newspaper report is rare in that it featured a witness sketch of the object complete with lighting pattern. What type of aircraft back in 1960 could explain this sighting report?

Just five days later, another triangular craft was sighted over Tyneside, a region in the northeast of England, on the evening of September 8th. The incident was covered by the Evening Chronicle newspaper the following day.


Evening Chronicle, September 9, 1960.


A number of related news articles appeared in the subsequent days and weeks related to this sighting. Some articles bolstered the original witness reports with additional eyewitness testimony while others dismissed the event as a tanker aircraft refueling other planes in flight.

The last report worthy of examining from that September was referenced at the end of the Hartford Courant article discussed earlier. This Associated Press (AP) article dated September 15, 1960 leaves the final interpretation up to the reader. Was it a balloon or a genuine UFO?


AP article, September 15, 1960.


The witness described it as a “dark object” which conceivably could have been a balloon. However, the object was also reportedly stationary as well as moving slowly. If the object was indeed a weather balloon that is released each morning from the Douglas plant, wouldn’t the witnesses be accustomed to such a sight? Why would all of these independent witnesses choose the same day to suddenly overreact to such a prosaic balloon? Finally, weather balloons are round in shape – not triangular.

Another incident occurred south of Houston, TX. The witnesses in this case were law enforcement officers, Deputies Billie McCoy and Bob Goode. This case was reported in the Houston Chronicle in September 1965 (exact date unknown). The two deputies were driving back to Angleton from the city of Damon located twenty-five miles to the northeast on September 3, 1965. The simple thirty-minute drive would be one these men would never forget.

They described the night as clear and peaceful until their attention was drawn to an unusual object that was above a pasture next to the road. They were quoted as saying “It hovered in the air. It was eerie. It was shaped like a triangle 200 feet long and 40 or 50 feet high. It had a purple light on its left side and a blue one on its right side.” The article goes on to state the object appeared to hover just above the ground and was silent.

After observing it for a time, the deputies attempted to gain access to the fenced pasture in an attempt to get a better look. However, they could not locate an access gate. While attempting to do this, they noticed the object began moving towards them. They fled to their vehicle and left the scene.

Unfortunately, this night was not over for them, since the object at this point appeared to pursue their vehicle. Deputy McCoy was quoted as saying “We hit 90 miles an hour and it was gaining on us. We increased our speed, but it kept gaining.” At one point, the object abruptly stopped while the car continued to shoot down the road at high speed. The object was seen remaining stationary for a few seconds while the bright lights on the object illuminated the surrounding area. The object then disappeared.

This case was also profiled in the September-October 1965 issue of the APRO Bulletin. Additional details are mentioned in the article including the time of the sighting – 11:00 p.m. CST. In addition, the color of the object itself was described as “gray” with no markings. The size estimate of 200 feet in length was further clarified in the article. It mentioned this was based on the distance of the telephone poles along the road which was used as a reference point. The purple light was also emphasized more in this article in that it supposedly illuminated the object itself, the pasture and highway, and the interior and exterior of their vehicle.

Also, it was noted that Deputy Goode’s car window was rolled down and his elbow was extended out of the vehicle as it rested on the window ledge. He stated that he definitely felt heat from the object when on its closest approach. It was at this time that their vehicle accelerated to 110 miles per hour as their fear intensified.

The final departure of the object was clarified as well. Deputy McCoy was quoted as saying the object seemed to “snap back” to its original location when it stopped pursuing the vehicle. Another abrupt maneuver described was when it was last seen in that it suddenly and silently shot straight up and disappeared.

This disappearance is similar in nature to yet another case from Switzerland. Again we obtain this report from the January-February 1966 issue Flying Saucer Review, which quoted the Swiss tabloid, Aftonbladet of November 6, 1965 as follows: “Although it was bright sunlight, fisherman Mauritz Lougren, (age) 67, of Lulea says that the sky phenomenon which he and a companion saw over the Lulea archipelago was quite dazzling. The object was the shape of a triangle with very bright points, and it moved backwards and forwards in the sky for some 20 minutes. It then disappeared silently, at a great speed, in a westerly direction.” Unfortunately, the actual date of the sighting is not given.

The year 1966 also had triangular UFO reports. In March, there was a rash of UFO sightings occurring across the United States as reflected in a United Press International (UPI) article from the Great Bend Daily Tribune in Great Bend, Kansas dated March 25th. Titled “UFO Sightings Widespread Over Country,” the article discusses UFO reports from the state of Maine to the Rocky Mountains being documented.

One in particular involved a Mrs. Robert Gorisek of LaSalle, Illinois who claimed a triangular object hovered over her car for over an hour on March 25th. The object was witnessed by her and several passengers while they were driving home from work. As they drove through several towns, the object kept up with them. The object was reported to have had red, orange, and white lights. No other details were noted in the article.

The interesting thing about this report is that on the same day in Victoria, British Columbia, two triangular UFOs were being observed. These were observed over the Saanich Inlet by three local residents. The Saanich Peninsula and Gulf Islands Review newspaper dated March 30th stated the objects hovered 40 to 50 feet above the water. Mrs. R.H. Chappell and her sister, Miss Janie Kidd, said the objects remained motionless for a couple minutes then moved off “slowly and gracefully.” There was no sound reported during the sighting. Both were reported as triangular in appearance.

One interesting aspect noted by Mrs. Chappell was that ruby red lights were flashing back and forth between the UFOs as if they were signaling each other. This characteristic is interesting to note, given the testimony of “Mr. C” from Chapter 2. He described flashing lights being used apparently to communicate between the triangular and rectangular UFO on the morning of January 5th, 2000. Is there a pattern here?

Another United Press International (UPI) article was published involving yet another triangular UFO sighting that occurred on March 27th (two days later). This one taken from the Redlands Daily Facts in Redlands, California dated March 28, 1966.


Redlands Daily Facts, March 28, 1966.


One final item worth mentioning from 1966 involves reports from the State of New Jersey on November 13th that year. The November 14th issue of the Newark News is quoted as stating “UFOs were reported(ly) seen in four sections of New Jersey yesterday. The size, actions, and color of the objects varied in descriptions by the witnesses. Three witnesses who may have seen the same thing said it was triangular in shape, that it hovered for a while over an area and that it kept changing colors from red to white to green or from purple to red and white.” No other details were mentioned. Later in the article, another possible triangular sighting was mentioned.

Moving forward to the year 1969, we shift the focus a bit to UFO reports from behind the Iron Curtain. In fact, I would like to cite a few cases from the book with that title, UFOs From Behind the Iron Curtain, by Ion Hobana and Julien Weverbergh. We must remember that information sharing between people in and out of Soviet occupied countries was difficult at-best in the 1950s and 1960s not to mention later decades before the collapse of Communist Russia. UFO information was no exception. But this book was one of the first to provide us with insights into UFO reports coming out of communist countries. The authors mention two reports involving triangular UFOs from the year 1969.

The first report involves a sighting that occurred on May 1st, 1969 near Negru Voda, Romania. The book states “At 17:30 an illuminated triangular object moved soundlessly and at a fixed speed from south to north. After 20 minutes of hanging motionless it disappeared at an angle of 90 degrees eastwards, just as fast as it had appeared. (There were) many witnesses.”

The second report documents the personal sighting by one of the book’s authors, Ion Hobana. This sighting occurred on August 30th, 1969 in Bucharest, Romania. The book states “At about 19:30 Ion Hobana was near North Station (not far from his residence) when he saw a triangular object arise from behind the station building. At 20 degrees above the horizon it traveled to the right and disappeared after a few seconds behind the houses. The object was a dull orange color and it moved with one of its sides to the front, the opposite corner having three small globules behind it. Hobana estimated its size as being about a quarter that of the moon, but has no idea how far away it was, though he feels it was fairly low and close in view of its large dimensions. He concludes it was a UFO.”

This report is significant due to two key factors. First, the object moved with one of its sides to the front as opposed to one of the points of the triangle as the leading edge. This is something we have encountered before in reviewing cases. Second, the reference to “three small globules” is important. In the book, Hobana provides a photo of the city street where he observed this spectacle. On the photo, he drew in the triangular object and accompanying “globules” to provide the reader with a better appreciation of the sighting. When looking at the sketch, it is very reminiscent of Captain James Howard’s sketch of the large UFO and accompanying smaller objects witnessed by the BOAC crew and passengers on June 29th, 1954.

One final report from 1969 is worthy of mentioning due to the proximity of the sighting in relation to the earlier Romanian sightings. This event was taken from the Atlanta Journal (no date provided). It describes the sighting of a triangular UFO over Belgrade, Yugoslavia (modern-day Serbia). The article references the newspaper Politika by saying that witnesses described a roughly triangular shape, shining dully like metal, with lights at each corner which appeared between 5:40 p.m. and 6:10 p.m. on September 27th. It also quotes it as saying “It looked like a Zeppelin or some sort of balloon. But we don’t have adequate equipment to establish what it was.”

Again, I can appreciate the fact that this could have been a balloon. However, a triangular balloon with lights at each corner would be highly unusual. There were atmospheric research balloons that resembled an inverted pyramid from the side. From beneath, they could have taken on the appearance of a triangular object. In fact, I stumbled across many such reports that ultimately were determined or highly-suspected to be research balloons. One case that generated a lot of media attention at the time occurred over the city of Madrid, Spain in early September 1968. Another case was over the city of Riga, Latvia back on August, 6th, 1968. However, these and other misindentified conventional objects I have attempted to filter out of the body of cases we are now examining.


===========================================================================
Chapter 4: The Historical Review Continues


As I examined cases from the early 1970s, one newspaper report stood out. It was from the Breese Journal in Breese, Illinois, dated November 19, 1970. The short article describes the sighting by one adult and at least four teenage witnesses on the evening of November 16th (exact time not indicated). They had just left a basketball game at Beckemeyer Public School when they all noticed a triangular object low in the sky to the south of their location. The object had orange and white lights. They observed this object for ten full minutes. While doing so, they also observed a second object emerge from the triangular one. This is an interesting correlate to the BOAC sighting in 1954. Lastly, the article states the triangular UFO moved in an erratic manner. It should be noted that Beckemeyer, Illinois is approximately 28 miles east of Scott Air Force Base where the now-famous January 5th, 2000 incident occurred.

Just over a year after the Beckemeyer sighting and in the same general area, a dramatic incident occurred. This is one of the more detailed historical reports I have come across and rivals modern day accounts of these objects. This incident occurred in January of 1972 (exact date unknown). It was documented in the May 31st, 1972 edition of the Metro-East Journal (now defunct). The article discussed local UFO sightings in the area at that time.

At one point, the article states “Last January, Miss Donna Wilkins of Bartelso, a senior at Central High School in Breese, was driving in a rural area near Bartelso with a boyfriend when they saw lights travelling in an odd pattern in the distance. ‘They were moving real funny back and forth and back and forth’ she said. They drove a short distance and suddenly a lighted object appeared ‘right there by us’ she said. Both were frightened and they began driving faster. They had traveled only an estimated one-fourth mile when the object began hovering over the moving auto, she said. ‘It was triangular shaped’ she said. ‘I could only see the bottom of it. It was real big. I guess about twice the size of a car.’ The object’s underside appeared to be constructed of metal beams, she said. According to Miss Wilkins, the object maintained its position over their car although they drove up to 85 miles per hour. As they drove into Bartelso, it disappeared behind a tree line.”

This is a significant report when viewed in the context of others we have reviewed thus far. First, there is the dramatic nature of their car being chased or harassed for lack of a better term. This bears striking similarities to the event that occurred south of Houston, Texas on September 3rd, 1965 when the two deputies were chased by the triangular UFO up to 110 miles per hour. Second, the description of the object’s underside that “appeared to be constructed of metal beams” is reminiscent of Officer David Martin’s description from January 5th, 2000 where he described the underside of the object as appearing to be constructed of individual pieces that were put together like “building blocks.” Finally, there is the proximity to Scott Air Force Base yet again. This event, along with the one from Beckemeyer and the January 5th, 2000 incident that occurred roughly 20 miles away, must be noted.

I also find it hard to believe our military was flying such radically advanced aircraft in 1972-the description of which happens to match almost exactly the report of a flying triangle from 2000. If that were the case, then we are still waiting to see that aircraft declassified today. If we had this technology in 1972, then why are we still experimenting with inferior technologies and lesser aircraft designs? In my humble opinion, the contention that these are all military aircraft is a position devoid of common sense when taking into consideration the historical nature of these reports.

In early February 1972, a very unusual case occurred over Yugoslavia. This report was documented in Flying Saucer Review Case Histories February 1973 issue. In the article, a reference is made to a report dated February 7th, 1972 from Sarajevo. This details the sighting of a triangular UFO seen a few days earlier (exact date unknown) between 7:00 p.m. and 8:00 p.m. It goes on to state that the UFO was picked up on radar by Sarajevo Airport and was tracked moving one kilometer per minute. However, when a Yugoslav Airlines (JAT) Convair approached the object, it accelerated and vanished at a tremendous speed.

Later that year, another triangular UFO was sighted. This time, it was over Buffalo, South Dakota. An article from the Buffalo Times Herald (date unknown) recounted the details. The UFO was sighted around 10:00 p.m. on June 29th, 1972. The object reportedly passed directly over the witnesses at a very slow speed. It was estimated to be one hundred feet long. It was described as having two brilliant white lights at the front and two more widely-spaced, brilliant orange-white lights in the rear. It was a dark wedge-shaped object. Witnesses noted the object moved with the blunt end at the front and the tapered end of the triangle at the rear. Does this sound familiar?

The estimated altitude was two hundred to five hundred feet. The behavior of the object was further noted. It appeared to periodically move then hover and repeat this pattern for the period of forty minutes. During this time, it emitted a muffled sound like rushing air with a faint, intermittent fluttering noise. A final observation worth noting involved the lights on the object. Witnesses indicated the lights appeared to be “perfectly flat” and did not shine outward to create a beam of light as would be expected. This is a detail that would be reported in triangular UFO reports decades later.

Just five days after this event in 1972, a wave of UFO sightings began over Belgium. It would involve reports with characteristics eerily similar to the later Belgian wave of 1989 to 1991. In addition, some of these sighting locations were from the same general area, despite the separation of almost twenty years between the two waves. Is this just a coincidence?

The first triangular UFO report made during this wave of sightings occurred at Lamonriville (Bellevaux-Ligneuville commune). The witnesses included Belgian missionary, Reverend Father Quertemont, along with forty-four girl guides from Dison. Sitting around a campfire at approximately 10:10 p.m. on July 4th, the nineteen-year-old guide leader, Claudine Dieupart, alerted everyone to something in the sky. Directly above them was a triangle of white luminous lights moving silently overhead from the southeast to the northwest. The witnesses felt the lights were “very high” in the sky. The duration of the sighting was approximately five minutes.

At approximately 10:30 p.m. in the city of Liege, an observer stated that he and several other witnesses at a bus stop witnessed a triangle of three very bright globes of light. These were moving slowly from east to west in a wide arc. As they watched, the globes of light passed through a cloud bank and illuminated it with its lights. The clouds over Liege that evening were recorded at a maximum altitude of 2,000 meters.

Around this same timeframe in the western suburbs of Liege, three young witnesses reported seeing a similar lighting display in the sky moving from east to west at roughly 2000 to 3000 meters altitude. They observed this for five minutes.

In the city of Flawinne, a timekeeper in a factory noted that at exactly 10:31 p.m. he observed the flight of an equilateral triangle of three bright lights overhead. The lights appeared to ascend vertically as he observed them.

At 10:40 p.m.in the city of Spy, a couple observed a similar display of lights. These lights also appeared to be flying east to west on a straight course and increasing slightly in altitude as they did so. An additional detail provided by the couple involved the lights themselves. They stated the three luminous lights appeared to be rotating and were surrounded by bluish sparks.

At the railway station at Ath, a conductor observed three luminous discs in the formation of a triangle. They were described as having hazy contours. The conductor stated the formation moved from the east-southeast to the west-northwest.

The final witness regarding this particular night’s sightings was a young farmer from Ellezelles, near Renaix. At 10:45 p.m. he was in a field next to his farm when he noticed three bluish beams of light shining down from a luminous “cloud” that was stationary in the sky. The beams were in the shape of arcs of a circle and came down to the ground all around him at three points. Shortly after this, the beams withdrew into the sky. One final detail involved the actual beams of light. The witness stated the beams fanned out wider and wider as they got further from the source. When this reached just about one meter from the ground, the beams shrank down to just very small points of light that touched the ground. When the beams were withdrawn, the process reversed itself.

These and later reports were investigated and evaluated by the Belgian civilian UFO organization known as SOBEPS (Société Belge d'étude des Phénomènes Spatiaux) (translated: Belgian Society for the study of Space Phenomena). It was this same group that investigated the later 1989-1991 Belgian wave of UFO reports. It should be noted that in both waves of sightings, their work was exemplary. They should be commended for their efforts.

The reports up to this point that SOBEPS investigated involved formations of three bright white lights. One could make the argument that these were attached to a triangular object in the sky, but this would be pure supposition. In fact, in presenting the selected triangular UFO reports to you in this book, I have tried to refrain from reports of just three lights in a triangular pattern with only few exceptions. Reports such as this may be just that – three independent light sources moving in a triangular formation. The rationale for sharing these Belgian reports from 1972 will become readily clear.

At approximately 12:10 p.m. on July 5th, 1972, a gentlemen was parking his car in front of his home (location in Belgium not given) when he noticed a dozen whitish objects flying about in the sky above him at a low altitude. He likened them to papers blown about in the wind. However, on this day and time, there was no wind. This cluster was moving to the north-northwest and the man was not interested enough to keep watching them. He did mention it to a neighbor who did continue watching them. The neighbor described the whitish objects as vague in shape; fleecy in appearance; and rotating slowly. Most importantly, the witness stated they were moving in turns around a dark triangular object in the sky.

Additional witnesses came forward with reports of lights in a triangular formation as late as July 19th of that year across Belgium. These too were thoroughly documented by SOBEPS investigators. Given the consistency of reports involving three luminous lights in a triangular pattern along with the eyewitness testimony from July 5th of a dark triangular object and the similarity to other reports we have reviewed thus far, it is not outside the realm of possibility that all of these reports may have been triangular UFOs. If there is still any doubt, let us not forget the later wave of reports that focused on these same areas in Belgium from 1989 to 1991. If there is one thing I have realized in reviewing these reports, it is that patterns do tend to emerge.

In the introduction to this book, I referenced my interest in UFOs starting with the 1973 wave of UFO sightings in and around Piedmont, Missouri. On May 24th, 1973 a sighting took place in Farmington, Missouri during this time period. The witness in this case is as significant as the UFO sighting itself: Dr. Harley Rutledge, author of Project Identification – The First Scientific Field Study of UFO Phenomena.

Dr. Rutledge served as the Chairman of the Physics Department at Southeast Missouri State University. He also served as the President of the Missouri Section of the American Association of Physics Teachers and President of the Missouri Academy of Science. This man was not a UFO believer. He was a scientist in every sense of the word.

In 1973, when the UFO sightings started to increase in southeast Missouri and garnered lots of media attention, one of Dr. Rutledge’s colleagues asked if he would look into the matter. Rutledge responded initially by stating he “wouldn’t touch the subject with a ten-foot pole.” However, as a scientist, he later decided to gather a team of colleagues and students to conduct a series of field observations to see first-hand what people were interpreting as “UFOs.”

He entered into the investigation with a skeptical approach as any true scientist would. However, by the end of his investigations, he was of the opinion that there was an objective reality behind some of the UFO reports. Both he and other team members had their own personal UFO observations that they could not discount. One particular sighting occurred on May 24th, 1973 that left an indelible impression on Dr. Rutledge.

To properly set the stage, Rutledge and members of his team had setup their observational equipment this night near the runway of Farmington Municipal Airport. It was here the team had just finished observing an unusual amber light in the sky at approximately 9:20 p.m. After they lost sight of the light, he and three other team members gathered in the middle of the now-inactive runway to discuss what they had just observed.

Rutledge stated in his book “Instinctively, I tilted my head upward – and what I saw will be etched upon my memory for life.” He goes on to describe a configuration of four lights that had just flown over the heads of the team. The colors of the lights were (from left to right) white, red, red, white. He added they were in a symmetrical pattern perpendicular to the direction of motion. Further he stated “Each long and narrow light seemed to be attached or molded to the back of a huge wing, although I couldn’t make out any form in the darkness.” He also noted the size of the formation was amazing in addition to the manner in which it flew low, swift, and silent.

As the object continued to move away, Rutledge grabbed his binoculars and viewed the lights more closely. He had never seen these kinds of lights attached to an aircraft before. The white lights were reflecting off of the surrounding structure of this craft and “appeared to be a metal, like aluminum.” He then focused on the red lights and noted “the light was emanating from what appeared to be red glass – similar to that used in the taillights of cars.” He also noted “a raised or ribbed structure, ostensibly for reinforcing the glass.”

The lighting array moved quickly out of sight and the team’s cameras were over 150 feet away with their other field gear so no pictures were taken.

Rutledge estimated the craft was approximately 2,500 feet in altitude but knew it wasn’t higher than 10,000 feet altitude due to that being the cloud ceiling for that night. In his book, Rutledge estimates the size of what was observed. The object was between 368 feet to half a mile across in size based on its relative altitude. He added “the row of lights made a slight angle (slightly swept wing) whose vertex was in the direction of motion.” He added, “The object may have been a flying wing, but one of extraordinary size and one that flew without a sound.”

In summary, Rutledge stated the remarkable nature of this sighting “Because there was a low, heavy overcast, which places an upper limit on the altitude of the object; because there was a reasonable estimate of the angular width of the light configuration; because there was no sound. And because there were three witnesses for verification, this must be called an incredible sighting. No other classification is reasonable. In this case, the observer need not have a Ph.D. degree in physics to know that a very strange craft had passed overhead.” I would argue that Rutledge’s assessment could apply to many of the cases we have reviewed thus far.

In Campbellsville, Kentucky, another triangular UFO report was documented by the local newspaper, the News-Journal. In their October 25th, 1973 edition they recount the sightings of UFOs by several local citizens over the last week. One case involved Mr. Sam Richerson. At 2:00 a.m. on October 20th, he awoke due to a dog’s barking having awakened his young son from a deep sleep. His wife went to attend to the boy and as she leaned over to pick up the child, she noticed a glowing object across the road. She then drew her husband’s attention to it. They both stood and watched the object for about fifteen minutes. Mr. Richerson described it as a “triangular-shaped object about the size of two cars hovering about tree-top high not more than one hundred yards from his home.”

Incredibly, this brings us to another report from Southern Illinois that occurred on the same date. This report is taken from the Alton Telegraph in Alton, Illinois dated October 22, 1973. The title of the article is “Latest UFO over Milton (Road).” It states that an Alton resident made a report to police after he claimed to have witnessed a “triangular-shaped form with bright white lights hovering over Milton Road.” The sighting occurred on October 20th shortly before 8:00 p.m. The witness also described seeing a second triangle of lights above the first. The witness told police these were not conventional aircraft. This is but one example of earlier reports describing two or more triangular UFOs being seen in conjunction with one another.

Despite being on the same day, the Kentucky report was at 2:00 a.m. that morning and the Illinois report was later that night at 8:00 p.m. Regardless of the time difference, it is interesting that these occurred on the same date. Whether the two instances are related I cannot say.

An interesting article surfaced from the Cross Country News in Fort Worth, Texas. In the January 8th, 1975 edition is a story concerning a “rash of reports” regarding UFOs that swept through the United States and Canada in November of 1974. The article is quoted as saying “Hundreds of sightings came to police as the object reportedly cruised, often at tree-top level, over the U.S. and Canada. Sightings were reported two days in Florida, Georgia, Ohio, and Michigan. All described the object as flashing red, green, and white lights. Several described it as having a triangular shape.”

The article then recounts the November 11th sighting in Madison, Ohio by Patrolmen Zachary Space and Lester Nagle. They supposedly chased the UFO for a total of twenty minutes. They were also joined by a Madison resident and a sheriff’s deputy. Patrolman Space stated they all watched the object hovering level with high-tension wires near the Ashtabula County line. He is quoted as saying “It came down above the wires for maybe 15 or 20 seconds, and then would rise up slowly out of sight, then appear again. It did not resemble a plane or helicopter. As far as speed, it left like a flash.” He went on to add “When the UFO rose it had three dominant white lights with a glow around it.” In a final humorous remark, the patrolman added “my name would have to be ‘Space’ to top it all off. But there were other witnesses who saw the same thing.”

This brings us to the first well-documented wave of triangular UFO reports in the United States. Prior to this timeframe, there were only isolated reports of triangular UFO sightings there. This wave of sightings covered the period of April 3rd to April 9th, 1975. The sightings were confined to a relatively small geographic area (40 mile radius) in the southeastern portion of the state of North Carolina. The principal investigators of this activity were veteran UFO researchers, Jennie Zeidman, Lee Spiegel, and Ted Phillips.

The most comprehensive analysis of this particular UFO wave was written by Zeidman entitled, The Lumberton Report: UFO Activity in Southern North Carolina April 3-9, 1975. This was published by the Center For UFO Studies (CUFOS) (www.cufos.org) in 1976. We will cite details from this comprehensive report here.

The report begins by describing the UFOs the bulk of which involved “a V-shaped or wedge-shaped object, brightly lighted, apparently the size of an automobile, which was seen by many observers, at close range, over a several night span.” Zeidman’s report continues:


“The characteristics of the V-shaped object (each reported by at least two witnesses) which determine its being classified as a UFO are:

1. Range of speed from hovering to 200+ miles per hour in very short periods of time.

2. Ability to execute flat (as opposed to banked) turns.

3. An intensely bright spotlight which had directional maneuverability, variable intensity, and, on at least two occasions, appeared to ‘signal’ in response to automobile headlight or automobile spotlight blinking.

4. Absence of noise: only three witnesses (out of more than fifty) reported any sound from the object in spite of the fact that most observers felt that they were within 200 feet of it.”


Of course, these characteristics are all too familiar in the context of the reports we have and will continue to examine. In Chapter 7 we will explore these in greater detail.

Zeidman goes on to state, “Although the objects described and drawn could be more accurately described as triangular or delta-shaped, the term ‘Vee’ is used in this report whenever that specific word was used by the reporter.” We cannot examine the full investigative report in this work. However, let us look at just a few examples of what was being reported in North Carolina in the Spring of 1975.

The first sighting of a triangular-shaped object during this wave occurred in the early hours of April 3rd. Two Lumberton police officers had observed a light hovering over a water tower located behind the Lumberton High School. At the same time, another officer, Phil Stanton, was alone in his police car approximately 200 yards from this same water tower observing the same light. He, like the other officers, thought at first this was just a helicopter. Stanton is quoted as saying “I saw it hovering directly over the tower. When I got closer, (I) switched off my motor and got out of the car, that’s when I saw it close up. It was triangular-shaped with a row of lights down each side, and one big spotlight on the front. I estimated the object to be about 200 feet off the ground because the water tower is nearly 200 feet high. The craft looked like it was just about the size of my patrol car. I saw a beam of light just directed straight down and it lit up the lettering on the water tower. Then the spotlight went out and the thing just took off at a terrific rate of speed, making no sound.” The report included a sketch made by Officer Stanton.


Officer Stanton’s Sketch


The mysterious object headed in the direction of St. Pauls, North Carolina (12 miles due north). In St. Pauls, Officer R.T. Hagens and civilian John McPherson heard Officer Stanton notify them over the police radio of an unusual object heading in their direction. Two miles outside of town, they both witnessed a “blinding flash of light which lit up the woods like a giant flash bulb” according to McPherson. He continued “When I first saw the object it was coming up from behind some trees, which led me to believe it had been on the ground before that. I could see the outline of the trees silhouetted against the light.”

It should be mentioned here that an almost identical scenario played out with two Belgian gendarmes during the Belgium UFO wave. They described a triangular UFO rise up from behind trees as if taking off from the ground with lights shining through the trees. This incident occurred near Lake Gileppe at 6:45 p.m. on November 29th, 1989. This was one of the first reports that began the UFO wave that would last into 1991.

Back to Lumberton, Officer McPherson’s partner Hagens added, “It rose slowly above the trees; started to move slowly; then suddenly accelerated; changed direction; and in 15 to 20 seconds it had faded out and disappeared. The light had intensified real bright when it first started to accelerate.” Both witnesses stated there was no sound. Hagens made a sketch of what they witnessed.

McPherson and Hagens were not the only law enforcement officers to witness the craft; other officers in the surrounding area also saw similar lights and shapes in the night sky.


Officer R.T. Hagens’ sketch.


Almost twenty-four hours after the first UFO sighting over the water tower, another wave of sightings occurred the following early morning of April 4th. At 1:00 a.m., reports began to pour into local police and sheriffs’ departments. Officer John Hayes of the Newton Grove Police department was informed of this influx of reports by the Sampson County Sheriff’s Department. Based on the reports, the object that was being sighted was heading in his direction.

At one point, Hayes pulled his police cruiser over to the side of the road and turned the engine and lights off. He did this in response to seeing an object in the sky approaching him. The object flew directly over his head. He stated “I got outside the car then and estimated the object to be 300 to 400 feet high. The only sound I was able to hear was a very slight humming noise. I noticed a grayish-blue glow around the outer edges of the thing, and also noted that the craft was moving extremely slow…much too slow for any conventional aircraft.”

Officer Hayes observed this for two minutes and indicated he could make out a solid structured object with a series of lights on each side. He also noted there was a large spotlight in the front. Most importantly, he stated the object made a flat turn as opposed banking like a conventional aircraft. He also provided a sketch to investigators.

Just like the morning before, this sighting was followed by additional UFO reports of similar description that followed in a sequential order. These were just the first two days of UFO activity over this relatively small geographic area. Again, the activity persisted up until April 9th, but then abruptly ended. No rational explanation was ever found for the basis of these reports. However, the details reported by the witnesses in and around Lumberton in 1975 seem to match reports elsewhere in the world. Again, credit must be given to the outstanding investigators in this case for their in-depth reporting and analysis.


Officer John Hayes’ sketch.


The locations and times of the Lumberton area sightings were consistent with a solitary unidentified flying object moving from town to town as witnessed my multiple eyewitnesses most of whom were police officers. Yet another area, two years later, would have virtually the same drama play itself out involving police officers as witnesses.

On the night/morning of May 16th/17th 1977 in Memphis, Tennessee, the next significant incident involving this type of UFO would take place. The Memphis Press-Scimitar article dated May 17th was extremely detailed and paints a clear picture of what reportedly transpired.

The article opens with the dramatic statement “A monster ‘UFO’ (Unidentified Flying Object) described as big as a football field, visited Memphis and Shelby County last night, four policemen and a Tennessee highway patrolman said today.” It continues “Officers T.L. Todd and J.W. Jeter of the Police Tactical Squad said they saw the huge object, pyramidal in shape with red and green blinking lights on its corners while they were on I-240 near Norris about 3:45 a.m.”


Memphis Press-Scimitar sketch.


“The officers said they spotted the huge vehicle, estimated at 300 feet long, three separate times.

‘We called the police dispatcher to report what we had seen and we were still on the air talking to him when a Tennessee State Highway patrolman called in from Collierville to report he had seen it,’ Jeter said.

The two officers said a team of officers from the North Precinct then broke into the conversation to ask if it was triangular in shape.

Todd said the men were M. L. Davidson and F. E. Bartlett also of the Tactical Squad. They came on the air in the car-to-car message saying they had spotted the object about 11 p.m. as they were starting their tour of duty and leaving the North Precinct headquarters at Old Allen Road and Frayser.

‘Up to that time we had said nothing about it being triangular in shape,’ Jeter said. ‘So we knew they had seen the same thing we did.’

Todd said he saw the airborne object first, just east of the expressway. ‘It was almost standing still and only about 200 feet off the ground, just over the power line towers. It was in the shape of a perfect triangle, standing on its edge. It was so close it almost looked as if I could reach out and touch it,’ he said. ‘There was a sort of a white glow around it.’”


Later, the officers observed the object “flying flat” (i.e., horizontal position parallel to the ground) as opposed to standing on edge. At this point, the officers grabbed their rifle that had a magnified spotting scope which they used as a telescope to view the object more closely. The UFO may not have been overly enthused by a rifle being trained on it since Jeter is quoted as saying “I just got a glimpse of it in the scope when it took off and was gone, just like that.”

An interesting observational note was made by the officers. They indicated that, if the object reported in Collierville was the same object, it traveled roughly 30 miles in just seconds. In addition, the object was completely silent. Both Todd and Jeter insisted there was no noise coming from the object. Jeter stated “If it had been a jet plane, we certainly would have heard the noise.”

If this case does not resemble the events of January 5th, 2000, then what does? Here we have law enforcement officers spread out over a fairly localized area in radio contact with one another as they are observing what can only be defined as an unconventional object of triangular shape.

The characteristics of the object certainly are comparable to the object witnessed over twenty years later in Southern Illinois. The large triangular shape (estimated 300 feet long), coupled with the ability to hover low, move slowly, rapidly accelerate-and do all of this silently-is not coincidental. The testimony of these men simply cannot be ignored when their testimony could equally be used in a court of law to convict someone of a crime. Either these men are credible witnesses or they are not.

While under observation by the police officers, these objects continued to harass drivers and passengers. The Belleville Intelligencer from Ontario, Canada dated May 6th, 1977 had the article entitled: “UFO Hovered Over Car.” The article relates details from a March 19th UFO sighting that year by a Lindsay, Ontario woman and her 12-year old daughter. The mother, Sylvia Laidler, stated she and her daughter, Darlene, were driving eastbound on Highway 401 around 8:00 p.m. when a “red streak” appeared out of the north.

She said the UFO stopped abruptly over the highway in front of her car. While it hovered, it maintained “a red pulsating glow.” She continued by adding “Then we saw it was coming directly towards us flying on the south side of the highway at tree top level.” She described the object as having “turquoise lights and red flashing lights.” She added “It was a triangular shape with a goldish light flashing at the bottom of the craft as it flew over our car but hovered directly over us.” While they were observing all of this, both witnesses did not notice any noise coming from the object. The object reportedly then moved in a southerly direction and disappeared when another car’s headlights appeared and approached them. The article states the only reason the witness came forward about their sighting was due to others having written to the newspaper to report other sightings in the area.

It is nice to see that, after so many years, these triangular objects still have an affinity for pursuing motor vehicles. Remember, we have other cases so far where that behavior has been exhibited: outside Houston, Texas in 1965; LaSalle, Illinois in 1966; and Bartelso, Illinois in 1972 to name a few. Again, there seems to be consistency in the reports and consistency in the characteristics and behaviors of these objects.

Four days after this newspaper article was published in Canada, another sighting occurred in the United States in Rome, Georgia. The local newspaper, Rome News-Tribune, quickly published the report the day of the sighting on May 10th, 1977. The primary witness, a 19-year old student pilot by the name of Phylis Barlow, claimed to have witnessed a triangular UFO in the sky around 5:10 a.m. She stated in the article “It seemed to be circling slowly over the area. It was flying at a tilt, and on the bottom of the object was a circle of foggy light surrounding a triangle of intense bright light.” As the object made a second pass over the area, she called out to a friend in the immediate area who also witnessed the object. Together, they watched it for approximately ten minutes.

Barlow stated “It was pretty high up at first, but then it started getting lower and lower. As it came closer, the light seemed to fade. I guess it stopped about 1000 feet above the ground and we could see about forty per cent of the bottom of the object. The body was a flat grayish-silver color and three creamy yellow lights were distinguishable along the bottom at that distance. They were oval-shaped and honeycombed. The UFO stopped and hovered for a minute and darted off toward Atlanta at a tremendous rate of speed.”

Barlow also stated “When I first saw it, I thought it was some kind of aircraft, but planes can’t hover, and this object did not have the blinking, rotating lights airplanes and helicopters are required to have. The lights on this vehicle were constant, and some were dulled.”

The article points to the fact that the object made no noise. Barlow said “As close as it got at times, I’m sure we would have been able to hear engine noise, if there was any. And besides, the range of speed on this thing was too varied. Sometimes it would hover, then (it would) fly slowly, and sometimes it would dart around at an amazing speed.”

Moving from the United States to France, we find another report from the newspaper, Le Republicain Lorrain, dated December 8th, 1977. The article starts off by referencing an article in their previous issue involving a UFO sighting in Behren les Forbach (a city near the French/German border in the Lorraine region). No details or exact date are given, but the article continues by stating that another UFO eyewitness has come forward. This witness is from the city of Falck (in the Lorraine region). This new witness is reported to have observed a triangular UFO while driving to the city of Brettnach (also in the Lorraine region) around 5:15 p.m. The witness is quoted as saying “I have seen two luminous headlights in the sky. The object was motionless.” He continued by saying “I saw a third headlight and the object appeared like a triangle with a red light in the middle. I didn’t hear any noise. Abruptly, the UFO disappeared...”

It is worth noting that this sighting occurred in the year 1977. It would be another 12 years before the famous Belgian UFO wave would develop. Yet, we have a UFO report that bares remarkable similarities to the later Belgian reports (a triangular object with lights at each point; and a red light in the center; that moves silently; and has the ability to abruptly depart).

The year 1978 had some extremely interesting cases in the United States. In January, reports began to filter into authorities in the State of New Jersey on the East Coast. This was followed in February by reports in California on the West Coast. We will examine each in-turn.

The New Jersey sightings were focused on the city of Vineland located approximately 36 miles inland to the west-northwest of Atlantic City. The Atlantic City Press published an article entitled “Vineland Is Beset by UFO Sightings” in their February 3rd issue. The article relates that at least three separate sightings have been reported in the last week.

The first, in order of occurrence, took place on January 27th, 1978 (no time given). The witness, Cheryl DeSanctis, initially observed a blinking red and white light in the sky hovering above some trees. She watched it stay in a stationary position for five minutes then a “red ball” moved from behind it. This “ball” then descended to just a few feet above the rooftops where the light could be seen reflecting off of the houses as it moved. The “red ball” then moved to the north and the main object departed in the opposite direction to the south. She watched this portion for a total of ten minutes. No description of a triangular object was noted.

Four nights after this sighting, another one occurred in the same area. On January 31st, 1978, Pat Martinelli was outside her home at approximately 11:00 p.m. when she saw an object above the nearby trees. She is quoted as saying “It was not as low flying as a small airplane, but it was lower than most airplanes. It was a triangle with the point at the back and a lot of red and white lights, more than planes usually have.” She then stated, “Besides, you can usually tell the humming sound of a plane.” She added that this object she witnessed did not have any sound.

The following night, the third local sighting occurred. This involved six local teenagers who were driving in town when their attention was drawn to a series of four large lights low in the sky heading towards their vehicle. One of the witnesses, Donald Bennett, was quoted in the article as saying “It didn’t stop, but kind of swerved at a tight angle. When it was sideways, we all saw it. It looked like a triangle shape with a light in each corner, and it went back the way it came.” The youths then decided to follow the object in their vehicle. They followed it for approximately six or seven miles, but pulled over at one point and decide to end the pursuit.

An interesting final note worth mentioning involves their car’s headlights. When they stopped their pursuit, they turned off the car and headlights. When their headlights went out, the UFO’s lights went out. They then turned back on the headlights of their car at which point the UFO’s lights turned on as well. At this point, the UFO was high in the sky. At its closest approach, they estimated the UFO was about a mile distant and 500 to 600 feet altitude. This mutual interplay of lights turning off and on may be another suggestion of intelligence behind these objects.

We find one of the most credible triangular UFO reports from 1978 as documented in the March 1st issue of the Auburn, California Auburn Journal. The article entitled “More Reports Confirm Strange Craft in Placer Area” documents several eyewitness reports of an unusual craft moving in the skies. The primary witness the article focused on was Mr. Brian Metcalfe. Metcalfe was of special importance not only for his detailed sighting report, but also for his background. Metcalfe, at that time, was a Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) air traffic controller.

The article relates that Metcalfe was driving on Interstate 80 between Roseville and Newcastle, California at approximately 9:40 p.m. on February 22nd, 1978. As he approached Newcastle, he noticed two intense lights in the sky. He was surprised at how slow the object seemed to be moving so he pulled his vehicle over to get a better look. He turned the motor off and exited the vehicle. The only sound he noted was a “low hum.” The UFO moved southwest along the freeway at 30 to 40 miles per hour and at an estimated altitude of 2,000 to 3,000 feet according to Metcalfe. As it approached, he noticed it was “delta shaped” and had no “defined control surfaces and no apparent markings.” The UFO then moved in an easterly direction. Others in the area also testified to seeing the object which bolstered Metcalfe’s description.

One such witness mentioned in the article was Mary Cuneo and her twelve year old son, Mike. They saw the UFO over the city of Auburn located just to the northeast of Newcastle just before 10:00 p.m. They too initially saw the two bright lights. Then, as the object got closer, they noticed a triangular object that moved silently at an estimated 30 to 40 miles per hour and at an estimated altitude of 400 to 500 feet. One final detail provided by Mrs. Cuneo was that “As it passed, you could see the back end with lights on it. The smaller lights were blue or green.”

This brings us to Patapsco State Park in the State of Maryland. This was another interesting case documented quite well by The Aerial Phenomena Research Organization (APRO) in their April 1978 issue of the APRO Bulletin. The article states “On Wednesday, March 22, 1978 at approximately 11:00 p.m. EST, Gary Oickle, 24, his brother David, 22, and two friends, Barry Smith, 22 and Ken Cabot, 25 were around a campfire talking in Patapsco State Park at the Baltimore & Ohio railroad tunnel. Barry and David were about 50 feet away from the others when they noticed a strange object in the southeastern sky which disappeared over a ridge in the distance. They watched the object for about 10 seconds and could see no particular details except a rough shape. Barry described it as a flat looking object.

They then walked back to the fire to tell the other two about what they had seen when another similar object appeared directly over the four of them from behind a ridge to their north. The object was described as a huge triangular shaped object with large windows and three white lights at the corners. The size was estimated from ‘a quarter the size of a football field’ to ‘150-200 feet on each side’. The object moved very slowly, hovering at times, in a southeastern direction following the contour of the ridges just above the trees.

When it appeared above them it was very low, approximately 200-250 feet, and made a sound like a ‘quiet wind’ or ‘quietly rushing waterfall’. The witnesses watched the object for approximately 15 to 20 seconds until it disappeared behind the trees. Three of the witnesses thought they could see the shadow or silhouette of a figure at the windows. Three of the witnesses also reported seeing a bright star-like object in the southern sky immediately after the sighting. Two of them said the star-like object changed colors; blue, green, yellow, red, repeatedly, while the other thought the object may have been a helicopter or something in the distance.

Two of the witnesses thought that the large triangular object had a ‘metallic’ or ‘bluish-gray’ color, but all four agreed that it had three white lights at the corners and a blinking red light on the top.”

The APRO Bulletin article also contained a sketch provided by the witnesses.


Another typical report is taken from the Daily News in New York. In their June 24th, 1978 edition, an article recounts the unusual encounter of two Maplewood police officers, Robert Fiorentino and Anthony Puglio. Both men had a triangular UFO sighting on June 17th at 4:30 a.m. While they were on patrol, the object came into view. They pulled their vehicle over and exited the vehicle to get a better look at the object.

They described it as a soundless, triangular flying object. It was estimated to be twice the size of a full moon. In addition, it had a white light on each tip of the triangle and red lights in the center. As both men stood watching, the object circled them twice and shone bright lights down on them. Officer Fiorentino was quoted as saying “It was blinding.”

In Canada, we find yet another report of triangular UFOs interested in motor vehicles. A small article from the Evening Tribune in Welland, Ontario dated May 1st, 1978 describes the sighting by a Mrs. Debra Gairns. She, along with her husband and friend, were driving along on the evening of April 26th at approximately 11:00 p.m. in Welland (located approximately 25 miles to the northwest of Buffalo, New York). She stated the object hovered directly over their car for a few moments then moved away and hovered over a nearby group of trees. Gairns stated the object was triangular in shape with red, white, and blue blinking lights. Finally, she noted it was completely silent. It eventually disappeared over the city.

One of the most dramatic reports I have come across is out of England from 1978. The Stoke-on-Trent Evening Sentinel published an article on September 16th entitled “U.F.O. shot a beam of light at our car – claim” that detailed a chilling encounter with a large triangular UFO. A young couple, Stephen Colclough and his girlfriend, Patricia, were driving through the village of Dilhorne in Staffordshire around 1:30 a.m. that same day. They were following two friends who were in a vehicle in front of them. Suddenly, Colclough noticed a red and white light move across the sky. The newspaper quotes him as stating “Then, seemingly out of nowhere, this enormous black object loomed up in front of both cars and shot a beam of light at us. It was as bright as a powerful searchlight and remained on both cars for about three seconds. We stopped immediately. It was absolutely terrifying. I am shivering now just thinking about it. It was the most frightening thing I have ever seen.” He also added that the object was completely silent.

On October 30th, the Leicester Mercury out of Leicester, England published a small article entitled “200 report seeing UFO.” It goes on to state that “More than 200 people have reported seeing a delta shaped unidentified flying object spotted in Leicestershire last Monday” (October 23rd). It later states “The object was delta shaped with a mass of lights and it was sighted between 6:30 and 8:30 p.m.” No further details are provided.

The day this newspaper article was published, another triangular UFO sighting was taking place back in the United States. On October 30th at 6:30 p.m., a teenager and friend reportedly observed a UFO over a field in Denison, Texas (63 miles north of Dallas, Texas). The teenager told police the UFO was approximately the size of a house and was 100 feet above them. He described the UFO as triangular in shape. Most puzzling was the claim that the UFO shot a “blue light” at both witnesses which temporarily blinded them. Police checked the area, but found nothing according to the Denison Herald, dated October 31st, 1978. This case might easily be discounted, if it wasn’t for the similar instance in Dilhorne, England just a little over a month before.

One of the last reports for 1978 was from Demopolis, Alabama. The Demopolis Times, dated January 4th, 1979 carried a large news article on local UFO sightings simply titled “Locals sight U.F.O.” The first witness it references is Bobby Hines who was awakened at 4:00 a.m. on December 31st to the sound of her dogs outside barking. She recalls seeing a “very large and bright object hovering over the trees about 600 yards from the house. The dogs and the cows were really making a lot of noise. Whatever it was really had them upset because they never make that much noise.” She then woke her husband who also watched the object for a time. The object was described as about the size of a small house and triangular in shape.

After hovering for several minutes, it moved towards their home. Hines stated “As it came towards the house, it moved in a zigzag pattern. Not very fast or far, but it was definitely moving…” She also added “It hovered for over a half hour.” Police were called during this time and, as they approached the home, the two responding officers, Wayne Mitchell and Mike Slocum, both testified to seeing the object hovering and taking off to the southeast. The article adds “Their police report, filed at 4:29 a.m. Sunday, described a large, bright object hovering some 50 feet off the ground and then moving to the southeast making a funny noise.”

A number of other individuals in the community observed the object at the same time according to the article. One witness, Mr. Fred Mayton, lived near the Hines family. He claimed the object was triangular-shaped with a blue-white glow. He also added “The whole thing was lit up on the bottom…It looked solid but I couldn’t tell what kind of material.”

The most notable account of a triangular UFO sighting in 1979 consisted of multiple witnesses stretched across northwestern Kansas and southwestern Nebraska. The event occurred on the evening of August 2nd at approximately 11:30 p.m. The UFO reportedly moved from the south to the north from Kansas across the border into Nebraska. The McCook Gazette newspaper in Nebraska published a series of stories covering this event.

Their first story, dated August 7th, was titled “Strange Object Seen By Kansas Residents” and interviewed the Tongish family from the Herndon, Kansas area. The mother and her daughter were riding bicycles late into the evening when they noticed a strange light to the south. The light just seemed to hover. The daughter, Dawn, retrieved a set of binoculars from their home and they both continued to observe the light. Eventually, the rest of the family joined them outside to watch. This consisted of Mr. Tongish, son, and other daughter.

They noticed the object made no noise when it hovered, but it did when it began to move. However, they indicated the sound made by the object was unfamiliar. Dawn drew a sketch of the object and stated the object had three sides. She also indicated there were red lights at each tip of the triangle and one in the middle. There were additional red and white lights as well. The object itself had a dull metal appearance and was estimated to be fifty feet long.


Witness sketch of object seen August 2, 1979.


The article continues by interviewing an additional witness from Herndon who corroborated the Tongish’s statements. In addition, Mrs. Arlo Wurm from a neighboring area south of Herndon was driving home with her teenage son and daughter when they observed the same object. She was quoted as saying it was very low to the ground “lower than the helicopters we see around here.” In addition, she noted the object was moving very slowly. She observed it hovering over their farm’s feedlot. While observing it there, she noted it had a cone in the front and then a black object behind the cone “about the size of a football field.” Behind the black portion, more lights were noted. According to Wurm, the object moved to the north-northwest. She did note a sound similar to a blimp motor when it first started moving. Later, she said it resembled more of a jet motor. A final comment made by Wurm was that she had heard of another witness who observed a light supposedly detach from this triangular object and then return to it.

The next newspaper article by the McCook Gazette was dated August 9th titled “A Bird? A plane? No, It’s…(?)” this article focused on the testimony provided by the Rippen family who lived outside of Culbertson, Nebraska (located approximately 30 miles north of Herndon, Kansas). Their testimony backed the eyewitness statements of the Kansas residents who observed this object. Namely, that the object was triangular; had the ability to hover silently; made a slight engine sound when it moved; and was very low to the ground.

The subsequent newspaper article was dated the following day, August 10th titled “Flying Object Seen North of Culbertson.” So here we continue to track the object’s flight path as additional information is provided. This article interviewed 18-year old Todd Wagner who, as the article indicates, “lives about one-half mile north and one-fourth mile west of Culbertson.” Wagner’s testimony continued to paint the same picture regarding the mysterious object of August 2nd. He stated the object was triangular; hovered periodically at an estimated 200 to 300 feet altitude; and made a humming sound. He added that there appeared to be a fourth red light on top of the object. Finally, he indicated there appeared to be a glow in the front of the vehicle compared to the light shining through a window.

It is interesting to note this article postulates a number of explanations for the sightings. One is that perhaps this is a “new jet helicopter from some branch of the armed forces.” Again, this is a logical assumption for the time. However, as we continue to review the long history of these reports worldwide, the military explanation is simply untenable in my opinion.

The last newspaper article that documented this event is dated August 11th and is titled “SAC Lacks Facts, Too – What Was Up August 2nd?” The article begins by stating that at least 21 witnesses have come forward claiming to have witnessed the UFO in-question. It also mentions that the Associated Press (AP) made inquiries with the Strategic Air Command (SAC) in Omaha, Nebraska. A SAC spokesman stated they had no aircraft resembling the triangular shape which has been described. He added that, to his knowledge, they had no aircraft at all operating in that area on that night. He did add that he had not reviewed all records yet, though.

The article also provided additional eyewitness testimony. One of the observers was an Atwood, Kansas police officer, Lindsey Cooper. He saw the lights at an estimated distance of 15 to 20 miles, but could not make out a shape due to this distance. One other witness was Mr. Jim Armagost of McCook, Nebraska. He observed the object with his wife and one of his children. He could not discern the shape of the object against the brilliance of the lights. He indicated the lights in front were like landing lights and he also noticed a red light on the top and on the bottom. It never hovered when he observed it. However, it moved “not very fast” and was silent.


===========================================================================
Chapter 5: The Historical Review Concludes


This brings us to the decade of the 1980s. Some significant cases emerged during this period as well. The first significant report occurred over Red Wing, Minnesota as reported in their Republican Eagle edition dated January 15th, 1980. The article’s title “5 watch tree-hovering UFO for 6 minutes, ‘won’t say it’s from space’ “ leads into describing the sighting of a Brenda Simanski and five other witnesses.

Simanski had just finished her work shift at a nursing home at 9:00 p.m. on January 13th and exited the building with a friend, Janine Mattson. They were standing outside in the parking lot waiting for Brenda’s mother to pick her up when they noticed a “star going berserk” according to Simanski. The article states she drew a zigzag line on a piece of paper to illustrate this maneuver. The light then moved towards the pair of young women and “in no more than two minutes” was overhead according to Simanski. The object was described initially as a triangle of lights. Reportedly there were two white lights in front; blue in the back two corners; and a solitary red light between the blue ones. They continued to describe the object as quite flat. The dimensions were estimated to be fifteen feet wide and twenty feet long.

Astonished by the sudden approach and appearance of this object, the two women dove into Mattson’s car that was next to them. Simanski stated “It was directly above us when the two lights went on.” She saw two “egg-shaped lights” on either side of the leading white light. She added that “they weren’t spotlights,” but were very bright. At this point it appeared to be hovering over them and a large fifty-foot high oak tree that was on that side of the parking lot. They rolled a window down to see if they heard any noise coming from the object, but there was a complete absence of sound.

Another employee left the building at 9:03 p.m. and heard the two girls screaming out of fear. Simanski yelled “UFO” to the worker and she looked up to see the triangular object hovering over them. The additional witness stated “I saw what looked like a jet right over the parking lot. I thought it was a jet going to crash on us.” She added “It was barely moving, slower than you could walk. I was so in shock I couldn’t think.”

Mattson and Simanski dashed into the building to get other witnesses to this event. Additional employees came outside and saw the object as well. One witness was quoted as saying “It was right there, right there in the corner of the lot.” As the group watched in amazement, the object eventually started to move in a north-northwest direction at a very slow pace. This direction took it over Highway 61 where the object was last seen before it “just disintegrated” according to one witness. Another witness stated “In the blink of an eye it was gone.”

After the object disappeared, the group of witnesses immediately contacted the local police who arrived on the scene within minutes. One witness said that, out of three police officers, only one believed their story. Frustrated they added “What’s the use of telling anyone if they don’t believe us?” Eyewitness sketches were provided.


Three witness sketches of object seen on January 13, 1980.


It wasn’t until later that year when triangular UFO reports appeared to increase in frequency. The next news article of interest was taken from the Daily Olympian edition of October 9th from Olympia, Washington. It covered three recent UFO reports from Thurston County that had been reported to Bob Gribble of Phenomena Research (a UFO investigative organization) based in Seattle. This is the same Bob Gribble who was the founder of the now-famous National UFO Reporting Center based in Washington State.

The first report involved the sighting of a UFO four miles northwest of Yelm, Washington (approximately 60 miles south of Seattle) on October 7th at 11:30 p.m. Witnesses reported a “huge object shaped like a triangle in front with red and green lights.” The object reportedly passed over the vehicle they were in at the time.

The second sighting occurred the same night (no time provided) in the area around Tenino, Washington (approximately 14 miles to the southwest of Yelm). The object seen there was reported as being triangular in front and dark with a white glow. This object was flying low and fast. No additional details were provided on this sighting.

The third and final report discussed in the article occurred near Offutt Lake, Washington (just 5 miles to the northeast of Tenino) on the same evening (no time provided). This report involved the sighting of a UFO by passengers in a car like the first report. The UFO was described as diamond shaped and gold in color.

You may be curious why I included this report considering the object reported was diamond shaped – not triangular. First, the sightings all occurred within a 20 mile radius of one another on the same evening. It is doubtful this is a coincidence. Second, there are a number of reports involving triangular and diamond shaped UFOs sighted together as well as other UFOs of varying shape seen in conjunction with triangular UFOs (e.g., January 5th, 2000). We will explore this characteristic more in Chapter 7.

An event that generated an avalanche of news reports occurred on the evening of November 18th, 1980. On this night, one or multiple triangular UFOs were reported over parts of northern Missouri and northeastern Kansas. Like many UFO incidents of this nature, the initial news stories reflect the preliminary reports from a given area. The first report I found was from the Kirksville, Missouri Express & News edition of November 19th. The article recounts the sightings in that general area the night before. At the time, they were unaware of the scope of the sightings. Later, they would realize there were eyewitnesses spread out over a much larger area.

The article of November 19th starts by saying “Hundreds of residents of north Missouri from 50 miles west of Trenton to Kirksville reported sighting an unidentified object flying across the sky Tuesday night.” It continues by mentioning the Kirksville police station had started receiving reports around 9:00 p.m. that evening. All reports suggested the mystery object traveled from west to east at a relatively low altitude and slow speed. The majority of calls described lights resembling headlights on a car that appeared to be attached to an object. No reports in this article mentioned triangular or any other shape. Later reports, as we will see, will fill in the details.

This initial news story also made a few references worth noting. First, it stated that the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) in Columbia, Missouri said that no military aircraft of any type was scheduled to fly in that area on that night. They added that they receive weekly notices from the military regarding any flight patterns and schedules. They did confirm that several pilots of small planes had reported similar sightings that evening.

Second, the police contacted the local Air Force radar base located seven miles north of Kirksville shortly after 9:00 p.m. The radar personnel initially stated the object seen was an airplane. However, at 10:40 p.m., the police received a phone call from that same base stating the object was not an airplane. In a rare instance, we have reference to radar data associated with these UFOs. The article is quoted as saying “The radar that was tracking the object recorded maneuvers that cannot be made by an airplane, and the light configuration was not like that of any plane, according to radar base personnel.”

Approximately 60 miles to the west of Kirksville, a radio disc jockey in Trenton, Missouri started receiving calls from citizens claiming to see a UFO around 8:30 p.m. The object reportedly was 15 miles west of Trenton. At 9:00 p.m. he stepped outside to see if he could see anything. He too spotted a pair of bright headlights in the sky. He observed these for several minutes moving at a steady speed to the east. He then contacted the Strategic Air Command (SAC) bases in Omaha, Nebraska and Belleville, Illinois (Scott Air Force Base). He was told by both that no aircraft were scheduled to fly in that area at that time.

Additional details were provided by the Constitution-Tribune of Chillicothe, Missouri (located south of Trenton) also dated the day after the sighting, November 19th. The article describes much of what the previous article discussed with additional details. The article discusses various reports of lights and objects but adds “The most widely-reported configuration seen Tuesday night was that of a triangular shaped object with lights on each of the four [sic] corners, and a red light hanging down from the center on some type of appendage.” One eyewitness account involved a Trenton resident by the name of Steve Palmer. He had the advantage of observing the UFO through binoculars. He described the object as a triangle with three lights and a red light in the center. Of course, we have heard of this lighting configuration before.

The article also stated that some eyewitnesses had reported seeing the UFO “jettison another flying craft while in midair.” This was followed up by mentioning another similar UFO sighting that same night near Moberly, Missouri (located 56 miles south of Kirksville). This report was courtesy of Bob Gribble of Phenomena Research in Seattle, Washington.

According to Gribble, “Two witnesses said it was similar in shape to a huge cigar with swept wings, and passed overhead with a rumbling sound. Then, about six objects smaller than it flew out of an opening in the rear of the craft and flew off in opposite directions at high rates of speed.” This is reminiscent of the BOAC Stratocruiser incident of June 29th, 1954.

The most comprehensive investigation on the incidents of November 18th was conducted by the late Bob Pratt. At the time, Pratt was a reporter for the National Enquirer. Pratt had over 40 years in the field of journalism working for various newspapers and publications prior to his employment with the National Enquirer. He took special interest in investigating and accurately reporting UFO-related events. Pratt’s contributions to UFO research cannot be overestimated. I am happy to have corresponded with him on my triangular UFO research prior to his death on November 21st, 2005. He encouraged me in my research and provided me with many case reports he personally investigated which he gave me permission to share.

Pratt conducted numerous interviews with the witnesses from November 18th. On February 3rd, 1981, he published a one page article for the National Enquirer entitled “Hundreds Spot Gigantic UFO As It Cruises Over 2 States.” In the article, he recounts much of what we reviewed thus far, but added additional witness testimony.

In reference to the size of the object, Pratt quoted a Mr. Don Leslie from Milan, Missouri as saying “It was at least as big as a football field.” Another witness who weighed in on the size of the object was Mr. Roger Bennett of Huntsville, Missouri who said “It was so big it would make a B-52 bomber look like a Piper Cub.” Again, it should be noted this was nine full years prior to the Belgian wave of sightings. At this time, triangular UFOs of appreciable size were not commonly known to the general public.

The article also discussed a Mr. Rick Hull who was able to snap a photo of the object as it flew over Trenton, Missouri. The photo revealed a triangular arrangement of lights, but no object. Hull stated the lights looked like a light source shining out of “windows to a cockpit.” This sentiment was shared by Mr. Buddy Hannaford of Trenton who said “They were like cabin lights, like lights coming out of the windows of an airplane.”

The following month, on December 10th, another multiple sighting case occurred. This time, the UFO was sighted around the city of Clifton, Arizona (located near the Arizona – New Mexico border). According to the December 17th edition of the Courier newspaper of Safford, Arizona, the sightings began around 7:00 p.m. and were witnessed by scores of people whose descriptions coincided with one another.

The impact of the sighting on witnesses in this case was pronounced. A local resident was quoted as saying “I was a non-believer until Wednesday night! The object that I saw was triangular in shape with several rows of lights. It appeared to be reddish in color.” She indicated the object circled the town; departed to the east; then returned to circle the town and surrounding areas. She added that this cycle occurred several times. She further described the object itself “It was very large, very low, and very quiet. The only sound I heard was a soft dull jet-like sound, but it definitely was not a jet.”

Around 8:00 p.m., the object made another approach over the city. An unnamed witness stated the object “looked as big as the parking lot at the pit mine.” They added “There was no noise and it just seemed to float through the air.”

Another witness, a lifelong resident of Clifton, said “Both my wife and I saw whatever it was. We’re used to airplanes overhead day and night and this didn’t even move like a plane. Also, there was no sound.” His account varied a bit from the other witnesses in that he also described the object “to be shaped like a kite or diamond.” Here is yet another “diamond-shaped” description associated with triangular UFO reports. He finished by stating “whatever it was (it) was tremendously big and the way the lights were spaced solidly there’s no possibility that they were all on separate crafts.”

The most striking characteristic in the article was that some of the witnesses described the main object as a “mothership,” since two reports described smaller objects leaving the main object. One of the smaller objects moved off towards New Mexico and the other toward Safford. Later, they were observed to return to their original positions. This is certainly reminiscent of the reports from Missouri the month before. The correlation between the two may not be a mere coincidence.

An incident that sparked a flurry of news coverage in 1981 centered on Windsor, Vermont. The April 17th edition of Valley News in White River Junction, Vermont had the initial coverage. It discussed witnesses who came forward to report sighting a triangular craft on April 15th.

Linda Kingsbury, a business manager at the local public radio station, stated her and a co-worker, Lucy Slothower, noticed two bright lights in the sky around 7:30 p.m. As the lights approached, they were clearly part of an object. This object was described by the two women as triangular in shape; metallic in appearance; with additional lights on the underside. Kingsbury stated “As it went over the top of us, this slow thing, there was a very heavy humming, droning (with) yellow and bluish lights filling in underneath.” They also noted red lights on the sides of the object. Additional witnesses were also quoted in the article.

A follow-up article was published by the same paper on April 22nd. The article mentioned a man by the name of Eugene Fucci who claimed to have witnessed the same UFO while driving near Mount Sunapee (located 25 miles to the southeast of Windsor). Fucci’s description tallied with the Windsor witnesses. He too stated the object initially looked like “two huge bright stars” to the east. As it approached, the object resembled a huge metal triangle. He added it looked like “five B-52s on a low altitude flight flying in a staggered V-formation.” He added that it was flying “very low, lower than the hills.” It passed over Fucci’s car and headed west.

The characteristic associated with the initial sighting of these objects often involves observation of two primary white lights. This is similar to seeing a car’s headlights. This was demonstrated in Red Wing, Minnesota; Kirksville/Trenton, Missouri; and the Windsor/Mount Sunapee, Vermont area sightings. These are just a few cases we have explored out of many others I have documented. Also, let us not forget Officer Ed Barton’s initial observation on January 5th, 2000 near Lebanon, Illinois when he described two very bright white lights with rays of light that resembled the “Japanese Rising Sun battle flag.”

To underscore this fact, we only need look at a news article from the Whitby Gazette from North Yorkshire, England, dated November 12th, 1982. It describes the latest UFO sighting in that area (exact date not given) as “a wide-based triangle shape with a domed covering.” The witness was a Mrs. Rachel Morton who saw it pass overhead while waiting for a bus at approximately 6:15 p.m. As the article relates, “She first saw two small lights at the front, similar to car headlights, just above housetop level.” It added, the object moved noiselessly overhead and the shape was unmistakable, since the streetlight shone upward against its underbelly. The object was triangular and the back was curved where three larger lights were visible.

This report from England was not the only one. On December 1st, the Lincolnshire Daily Echo in Lincoln published another account of a triangular UFO being sighted (no date/time given). The article related the sighting by a senior Coastguard, Mr. Bernard O’Reilly, over the area of Skegness, a coastal town on the North Sea. Bernard reported seeing “a lit up triangular craft” as the article put it. It was observed hovering for several minutes before moving soundlessly in the direction of Hunstanton (a town located 18 miles to the southeast). As it hovered almost overhead, O’Reilly initially thought the object might be a Harrier jet. However, he immediately dismissed this since “It was deathly silent and on a calm clear night like that we would have heard the engines if it had been a jet.” Other residents came forward to local police to report seeing the same thing.

If England had sightings of triangular UFOs in 1982, it was only a prelude for what was to come the following year, 1983, in Cardiff, Wales. The first case I came across garnered lots of media coverage. The incident in question occurred on January 19th around 7:00 p.m. The primary witness in this case was a Mrs. Carole Griffiths.

The Cardiff newspaper, South Wales Echo, dated January 20th, ran the first story documenting the events of the prior evening. The article starts by stating, “Reports of a giant triangular object hovering over South Wales are today being investigated by police.” The article continues by adding the description of the object matched that of six other people from Swansea (roughly 40 miles to the northwest). Witnesses included two police detectives.

The description of the UFO as stated in the article was that of “a giant triangular-shaped object with white lights along the border of the triangle.” It continued “Some reports say it was longer than a jumbo jet and had a red light in the middle.”

The report by Griffiths involved her along with her husband and a passenger as they were driving home. They noticed the large object in the sky and pulled their vehicle over to the side of the road. They then exited the vehicle to get a better look. Carole was quoted as saying “It looked like Concorde taking off but it was stationary in the sky. I normally pooh-pooh things like that, but it had to be a UFO.” The South Wales police also acknowledged receiving phone calls from citizens reporting UFOs that evening between 6:00 p.m. and 7:00 p.m. A sketch was provided by Carole of what they witnessed.

The sightings that evening started in Swansea with the report of two detectives who observed a silent triangular-shaped object. They estimate it was 1,000 feet altitude with three lights. Two of these lights were reported to pulsate. Most importantly, the detectives also reported a “smaller similar object” that followed the initial one. It also noted the RAF had received two such reports as well.

The January 21st edition of the South Wales Echo continued its news coverage of the event,

but added additional eyewitnesses to the list. After their initial news story ran, other witnesses felt compelled to report their observations without fear of ridicule. In fact, one witness was quoted as saying “Until we saw the front page of the Echo, I would have thought people would think I was some kind of a nut.”


Witness sketch in South Wales Echo.


The article goes on to rule out various conventional explanations for the UFO reports including helicopters, balloons, military refueling operations, and commercial aircraft. To the last point, a witness even stated that while observing the UFO she also saw an aircraft fly by in the sky. She was able to compare the speed of the two and indicated the UFO was moving very slowly relative to the aircraft.

The South Wales Evening Post also reported on the local UFO activity in their January 21st edition. Specifically, the article interviews a witness, Mrs. June Thomas, of Swansea. She discounted explanations offered by the local coastguards that the UFOs were simply attributed to meteors. She emphatically stated “What I saw was [sic] two objects, very big objects, moving across the sky slowly and without any noise.” She added “Call them flying saucers if you will, but they were definitely not planes or meteorites.” Thomas also provided a sketch of what she and others had witnessed over Swansea.


Sketch by June Thomas of objects.


Another witness interviewed was a Mr. John Owen who reportedly witnessed the UFOs over the town of Porthcawl (situated between Swansea and Cardiff). He stated “What I saw was about 600 feet from the ground, huge in size and did not have any engine noise, not like any civil or military aircraft I know. Besides, it was only moving at about 30 miles per hour, far too slow for an aircraft.”

An RAF spokesman at the Ministry of Defence stated he had not yet received any official reports of the incident. He went on to speculate the sightings might have been attributed to planes flying in formation. This explanation doesn’t seem to fit the eyewitness testimony. (See Appendix for MOD files referencing case)

The January 24th edition of the South Wales Echo continued to report on additional witnesses as they came forward with corroborative testimony. One that stands out from the rest was a Mr. Joe Toland who was an aircraft engineer for the RAF for fifteen years and was fortunate to see the UFO on the evening of the 19th.

He was coaching a soccer team when he and the team stopped to watch the UFOs overhead. He was quoted in the article as follows “We stopped playing to watch it. I couldn’t fathom out why the lights were so far apart. It was close perhaps 600 – 1,000 feet up. It must have been 300 feet across, so it could not be an aircraft. The thing I really don’t understand is that it made no noise.”

Reports like these continued to be documented in subsequent newspaper articles, specifically in the South Wales Echo through February of that year. Multiple witnesses came forward with similar testimony. All witnesses describing a huge triangular object flying silently overhead. These reports would be mirrored by reports over the State of New York in the United States starting around this same time frame.

We will briefly cover a few of the initial news reports concerning this wave of UFO sightings that became well known as the Hudson Valley UFO sightings. For those wishing to read more about this concentration of UFO activity, I refer you to the book Night Siege by Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Philip Imbrogno, and Bob Pratt.

As if to reinforce what we have explored thus far, it is worth quoting the introduction to Chapter Two of Night Siege. It states “A triangular object bigger than a football field that can hover silently or move ever so slowly – all very strange stuff. Yet it is not an unfamiliar story to UFO researchers. Similar sightings have been reported in Arkansas, Missouri, Arizona, Tennessee, and other states since the mid-1970s. Triangular-shaped UFOs have also been reported in Great Britain and other countries.” As we have seen, these reports go back much further than the 1970s.

Reports during this particular UFO wave consisted of “V” formations of lights; triangular objects; and boomerang or chevron-shaped objects being sighted. The UFO reports poured in from the New York counties of Westchester, Putnam, and Dutchess as well as Fairfield, Litchfield, and New Haven counties in Connecticut. The wave occurred primarily from 1983 to 1986 with varying intensity although there were some reports before and after this time period as well.

As the authors of Night Siege state at the beginning of Chapter Three, “March 24, 1983 was one of the biggest nights for sightings.” Hundreds of sightings were generated that evening around the cities of Yorktown and New Castle in the Hudson River Valley area. The majority of witnesses described a “V” shaped array of lights moving very slowly and silently overhead. At times the lights appeared to hover.

One of the local news articles that carried initial coverage was published by the Patent Trader of Mt. Kisco (later merged into the Journal News). Their article published the following day, March 25th, described the initial sightings. It stated that reports covered the area from Yorktown to White Plains shortly before 9:00 p.m. Both citizens as well as police officers were witness to the spectacle. Observers described an “arrowhead or V-shaped array containing ‘green and white lights’ (that) made no noise and ‘hovered’. It moved very slowly.”

One witness stated she and others watched the lights that alternated between green and white move from the south; return to its original position; then zigzag toward the north. Police were interviewed in addition to the supervisor of the Westchester County Airport. He didn’t know what the lights were but suggested they might be private planes flying together in a tight formation. This explanation would be offered for the sightings then as well as years later. Indeed, some private planes did appear to be doing this in the area, but it cannot be accepted as an explanation for all of the reports, since many witnesses distinctly reported a solid mass behind the lights complete with structural details.

In the March 31st issue of the Reporter Dispatch newspaper of White Plains, New York, Philip Imbrogno was interviewed regarding the sightings that had been occurring for the last week or so. He stated the lights closely resemble a number of sightings reported in that same area in the years 1976, 1977, and 1980. He added that this type of report “falls into one of the major types of UFO shape that has been reported over the years.”

In the April 3rd issue of the Herald Statesman newspaper of Yonkers, New York, Imbrogno was quoted as saying, “The majority of the sightings indicated the object was 500 to 1,000 feet up, and most people say it was so slow they could catch up to it. A number reported seeing a structure, some kind of gray shape.”

This same article also mentions that some witnesses described five separate planes in formation with the characteristic sound of propellers. Yet, others reported a single wedge-shaped object very close to their position that had the capability to hover and dart off in a manner unlike any aircraft. You be the judge.

Later, in another edition of the Herald Statesman dated May 22nd, Imbrogno was interviewed and shared additional eyewitness testimony and discussed how their investigative efforts were doing. He believed there were at least two separate UFOs operating in the area. “One object is described as triangular-shaped. A wide V about 300 feet long. The other is described as boomerang-shaped…about 150 feet long, end-to-end.”

He discussed his summation of interviews with the witnesses from March 24th. He stated “They reported this enormous thing, silent, hovering over their homes for 45 minutes. It was 70 feet in the air, hovering, and made right angle turns.” An airplane that silently hovers for 45 minutes is hard to imagine.

Some of the most serious reports documented by the authors involved a large triangular UFO hovering over the Indian Point nuclear power plant located in Buchanan, New York. The initial report came from a New York State Power Authority security officer who indicated a UFO hovered 300 feet over one of the reactor’s exhaust towers for at least ten minutes on July 24th, 1984. Investigators would later confirm the report and interview multiple security officers and local residents who all testified to seeing a UFO over the facility.


Indian Point UFO from Night Siege.


The situation raised security concerns at the facility, since this was obviously an unidentified flying object that was hovering over a nuclear reactor in an area that is designated as restricted airspace. The authors of Night Siege documented this aspect quite well in their discussion of the case. In addition, they learned of a similar event that occurred there on June 14th. The witnesses provided the following sketch to investigators.

While the sightings persisted in New York State, triangular UFO reports continued in England as well. The Bolton Evening News described a sighting in their February 16th, 1984 edition. This sighting involved 24-year-old Stuart Settle, who was in Bolton at the time of his sighting. The paper relates that Settle observed a UFO near Horwich College as he was walking home (no date/time given). He described a triangular-shaped object that was seen to tilt, hover, and change direction as its five lights flashed continually. Once he arrived home, his 20-year-old brother observed it as well. Settle was quoted as saying “I used to think it (UFOs) was all a load of rubbish, but now!”

The following year in 1985, the Leicester Mercury newspaper published an article discussing multiple triangular UFO sightings in the area. In their December 2nd edition, it stated “Apparently since early August there have been many sightings of a triangular shaped object with unusual lights.” It referenced a sighting by two police officers in the village of Long Clawson (roughly 20 miles northeast of Leicester) on September 27th of that year.

The article goes on to mention investigations underway by the Leicester UFO Investigation Centre based in Leicester. Also, Centre investigators noted the recent sightings were very similar to 67 sighting reports obtained from the October 23, 1978 sightings in the area.

The Cardiff sighting description from 1983 was echoed in a 1987 sighting over Wolverhampton. In the November 21st edition of the Wolverhampton Express Star, the article title reads “Mystery of ‘Concorde shape UFO’.” The sightings occurred around 7:00 p.m. (no exact date is given). Businessman Jim Dawes was one of the witnesses who came forward. At first, he thought the lights he noticed in the sky belonged to a small aircraft landing at a nearby airfield. He added “When it got closer it looked like two planes flying side-by-side. But there were too many different lights in a triangle shape. It looked like the outline of Concorde.” He added “It just glided overhead.”

On December 10th, the Nottingham Evening Post ran a story entitled “Mystery of City UFO Sightings” that described the mass sighting of a UFO over the city the night prior. Unfortunately, the description is lacking in the article. It describes the UFO as “strange lights in the sky on an object the size of a football pitch [soccer field], travelling very slowly and accompanied by a deep hum.” Inquiries made with various military and aviation authorities met with no answers. Despite the absence of the object’s shape being described, it is possible the sighting involved a triangular UFO as we will see shortly. The next sighting occurred roughly 70 miles northeast of Nottingham.

The Hull Daily Mail dated December 11th described a number of UFO reports made in the area. In one case, police were contacted by a man who claimed to have witnessed a triangular UFO estimated to be 250 feet long (no date given). He witnessed this over a farm and stated it was covered in roughly 150 red and white lights. He also said it was making a roaring noise. Due to the proximity (by air) of the last sighting and the timing of both articles separated by just one day, it could be surmised the same thing was observed in both locales.

In addition, we have another article that confirms triangular UFOs were frequenting the skies over Nottinghamshire, Staffordshire, Leicestershire, and Derbyshire around this timeframe. This, according to the Long Eaton Trader, dated December 23rd. The article focuses on investigations by Dennis Harriman, member of the National UFO Investigation Society.

The reports received by Harriman all tallied with one another. The reports involved a large triangular object with multiple lights. The object was described as the size of a football pitch. The object reportedly moved very slowly and emitted a deep hum.

One witness, Edward Fell, said he parked and exited his car to view the object (no date given). He stated “The impression I got was that it was tremendous. I knew it was huge – 20 to 30 times the size of a normal aircraft. And it made a distinctive deep throbbing noise.” To illustrate Fell’s and other’s descriptions, Long Eaton Trader artist, Paul Moran, provided a drawing.


Sketch by Paul Moran.


Sightings of triangular UFOs would continue to frequent skies over England into the following year. The Stafford Newsletter of May 20th, 1988 quoted famed UFO researcher Jenny Randles as stating “We’ve had quite a spate of these in the Midlands, about a dozen since December.” The article focused on the recent sighting by a Mrs. Eileen Ballard of two triangular UFOs flying together.

Ballard and four friends were outside in Stafford around 10:00 p.m. on May 16th when they initially noticed two spotlights in the sky. She added “They banked over and went into side by side formation, one above the other, and flew slowly across the sky without any noise at all.” She added “They flew very close together and were triangular in shape…There were a lot of lights underneath, red and green, around the edge(s) and within that lots (of) others.” A sketch was provided by Ballard to better illustrate her sighting.


Sketch by Eileen Ballard.


At the time, investigators from the British UFO Research Association (BUFORA) were quoted in the article as attributing the sighting to two top secret United States Air Force Stealth Fighters, despite the complete absence of sound noted. At the time, the official designation for this aircraft was not known and it was being erroneously referred to as the “F-19.”

The article also had the Assistant Editor, Mike Daly, of Jane’s Defence Weekly, weigh in on the matter. He acknowledged rumors of American Stealth Fighters being based and flown in England, but added “But two together all lit up over a populated area would seem very odd, though I suppose they would need lights if their flight path wasn’t generally known. Even so, I’d think it would make more sense to fly them over the North Sea.” I would personally have to agree with Mr. Daly’s statements.

This case would draw lots of media attention as well as the attention of a local government official. The July 1st edition of the Stafford Newsletter ran the article entitled “After MP’s (Minister of Parliament) plea, more tell of UFO Mystery.” It states that Stafford MP, Bill Cash, would be presenting the case information to Defence Minister, Roger Freeman, for “official investigation.”

The article also describes the sighting details of two additional witnesses from Stafford. Michael Acocks and his wife, Joan, were walking on the evening of May 16th when they noticed two triangular shapes hovering over some nearby trees at 9:50 p.m. Mrs. Acocks was quoted as saying “I stood there looking and all of a sudden it just disappeared. I stood there for a while and then it appeared again exactly as before in the same place, hovering for a few seconds before it disappeared again and we walked on.” She added “What struck me more than anything was that it was absolutely silent.”

Another witness mentioned was Elaine Willacy. She, along with two neighbors, viewed the objects through binoculars and stated that the sketch previously published was very accurate. She added that no identification markings were seen on the objects that might suggest military (American or otherwise). She said “It was going very slowly and seemed in no rush to go anywhere. It felt as though someone was looking down on us and taking pictures.” The absence of sound was also again noted.

Newspaper reports continued until at least September of 1988 regarding these sightings over Stafford. Additional witnesses came forward with similar eyewitness testimony. All of the witnesses were consistent in their details. Despite the apparent ability of these objects to hover; disappear then re-appear; and move directly overhead with complete absence of sound; BUFORA maintained their position that the source of these UFOs were most likely American Stealth Fighters. This was a logical and down-to-Earth explanation, since we didn’t have any definitive details regarding these aircraft at the time.

Now, after more than twenty years of public disclosure, we know with certainty the flight capabilities of the F-117 Stealth Fighter. Namely, it cannot hover, magically disappear then re-appear, or move silently. Despite the technological innovations of the time, this aircraft still had flight dynamics similar to conventional aircraft. One final item worth mentioning is that the F-117 was officially acknowledged and unveiled in November of that same year.

The UFO activity continued unabated into 1989 in England as evidenced by a news article in the Southend Evening Echo from Essex dated January 6th. The article started off with the words “More triangular craft have been reported in the South East Essex skies.” It recounted the sighting by a woman and her son who were walking their dog (no date given). They described a triangular craft with green and white flashing lights. They also noted a large spotlight that extinguished when an aircraft passed overhead then came on again after the aircraft departed. The craft moved slowly and the witnesses noticed red lights on the rear of the object.

The Essex Chronicle, out of Chelmsford, ran a news story in their February 17 edition, which continued to document the drama in the skies. It reviewed recent reports from the area and stated “On January 28 a triangular or shield-shaped UFO was sighted over the Tiptree area in the evening. It’s [sic] colour changed from bright to a dull white before it shot across the sky towards Chelmsford.” References were made to two additional triangular UFO sightings in January (no dates provided).

On February 24th, the Wilts & Gloucester Standard of Cirencester ran a story entitled “UFO or a plane?” The article discusses the prevalence of UFO reports in that area as being triangular, noiseless, and “ablaze with lights.” The article mentioned some of the recent sightings and added that one report described a series of light beams emanating from the UFO towards the ground that gave it a “tripod effect.”

Additional reports of this nature would continue to pour in from citizens across England in 1989. In retrospect, I think it is safe to say that this wave of sightings would serve as a prelude for the Belgian UFO wave starting on November 29th of that year. Indeed, the similarities in these reports cannot be ignored. In recognizing these similarities, it underscores the idea that we are dealing with objects based in fact – not fantasy.

As previously mentioned, the Belgian military thought they were confronting a genuine phenomenon when attempting to investigate these reports from 1989 to 1991. But what types of military cases exist prior to this timeframe that provide additional information for our analysis?


===========================================================================
Chapter 6: Military Reports


One of the earliest and most comprehensive collections of military reports involving UFOs that have been made available to the public is the United States Air Force’s Project Blue Book files. The project ran from March 1952 to December of 1969. Two previous projects, Sign and Grudge, ran from January 1948 to February 1949 and February 1949 to March 1952, respectively. Herein, we will refer to all of these projects under the umbrella title of Project Blue Book. In total, the three projects documented 12,618 UFO sightings. Of these, 701 remained “unidentified” despite attempts to explain them all away in conventional terms.

Despite the skewed conclusions that favored prosaic explanations, documentation of the actual UFO sightings is of historical value. It serves as a testament to what was being reported in the early years of this phenomenon. Like newspaper reporters, the Blue Book investigators took the time to verify the witnesses’ identities and interviewed them. Again, this adds a level of credibility to the reports in that the sources have been verified. However, the veracity or accuracy of the reporting may still be questioned.

Similar to our review of newspaper and other printed reports, we see a recurring pattern of triangular UFO sightings in the Blue Book files. However, these reports are a distinct minority compared to the ubiquitous “flying saucer” sightings documented especially in the early years of the project. Again, it must be emphasized that the reports we will review are only a fraction of the best cases involving triangular UFO reports that exist in the Blue Book files. There are many others, but we do not have the space to review them here.

One of the first well-documented cases involved multiple eyewitnesses from Baltimore, Maryland referenced as “Incident 398.” Shortly after 6:30 p.m. on June 29, 1949, a former Air Force Tech Sergeant and World War 2 veteran observed three separate flights of three V-shaped or triangular-shaped objects. At the time, he was sitting on his front porch as he would often do and was observing clouds in the sky when the mystery objects came into view. Initially, he thought they might be Maryland National Guard planes. However, this idea quickly faded when he observed the objects veer sharply into a cloud and then proceed to fly around the cloud repeatedly. For two hours he observed this spectacle. Over time, the objects increased to an estimated fifteen to twenty in number.

During this time, the primary witness’ wife and over a dozen neighbors came outside to view the spectacle. After the first half hour, he contacted the Baltimore News Post to see if they could have a reporter come to the location to verify and document the objects’ presence. They did not dispatch a reporter, but did contact the Baltimore Municipal Airport who stated there were no known aircraft in that area at that time.

The man then grabbed his binoculars in the hope of identifying the objects in question. He fully acknowledged the task was difficult due to the rapid nature of their flight. However, he stated “The best description that I can give of the objects is that they resembled a boomerang which had been pulled out. Actually, they were an open angular, with the vertex angle approximately 70 degrees; the legs of the angle had some thickness, but there was no evidence of engines, fuselage, canopies, landing gear, or other conventional aircraft construction.” As a commercial art student, he provided a sketch to investigators to illustrate the event.

He continued his description by adding “The objects were black in color, with a dull sheen that showed no sun reflection. I was extremely impressed by the high degree of maneuverability and the terrific rate of speed at which the objects appeared to be traveling. The objects seemed to possess the ability to reverse their course 180 degrees instantaneously.” This characteristic has been described in many later triangular UFO cases, but this was 1949 and we had nothing that could make such a maneuver at such high speed.


Sketch of objects over Baltimore, 1949.


The rapid nature of flight was noted throughout the episode. In addition to flying around the cloud, which investigators noted the base to be 2,500 feet altitude, the objects reportedly were zipping in and out of it with equal speed and precision. During this time period, the formation slowly moved from the southeast to the northeast before it was out of sight.

Despite the incredible nature of this report, a few points are worth noting. The report is quoted as saying the witness “stated that during the time he flew as a field gunner in the Air Force he observed airplanes from a distance and birds in flight many, many times, and he was absolutely positive that what he saw on the afternoon of 29 June 1949 was not something he had witnessed before in his life.” Adding to this was the “Agent’s Note” by the investigating Air Force officer which states the witness “appears to be a very well-educated, intelligent, conscientious individual, and gives the impression of full sincerity in the report of this matter.”

One final note on this case involves the fact that over fifteen additional witnesses corroborated the lead witness’ account and were interviewed at length by two investigating Air Force officers. All descriptions tallied with the initial report.

Another dramatic incident involving multiple eyewitnesses occurred during the NATO exercise known as Operation or Exercise Mainbrace. This was a joint naval operation that was conducted in September of 1952 involving nine countries including the United States and England. The operations area consisted of the North, Baltic, Norwegian, and Barents Sea.

On the night of September 13th, the first in a series of UFO sightings occurred. While north of Bornholm Island, Lieutenant Commander G. Schmidt-Jensen on board the Danish naval destroyer, Willemoes, observed a “flying luminous triangle” according to military reports. He, along with additional officers, were on the bridge when they heard a whistling sound and saw a “flying triangle” pass overhead at high speed.

Schmidt-Jensen stated “It was luminous, with a greenish light, and flew with one corner pointing forward. From its rear it jetted three rays of fire backwards. I have no idea how high it was so that I could not judge either its size or speed, but I believe it went at more than 1,500 kilometers an hour. It disappeared in a north-westerly direction. I have studied some astronomy and I have also learned to identify most of the modern planes and I am sure it was neither.” In later reports, he also noted the object could not have been a meteor.

Subsequent to this sighting, there were at least four other UFO sightings in this military operations area that month. The reports varied with regard to the objects being seen. However, this was the only report involving a triangular UFO. The reports were taken seriously by military command staff and were forwarded to Mainbrace headquarters in Copenhagen for evaluation (see Appendix for copy of news teletype).

Another dramatic encounter took place in the skies over Albany, Georgia on January 28th, 1953. This incident involved an Air Force pilot flying an F-86 Sabre jet. At 9:35 p.m., he was flying level at 6,000 feet altitude when he noticed a bright white light at his ten o’clock high position. He noted that it was unusually bright and seemed to have a defined circular shape as opposed to a pinpoint of light like a star.

After a time, he decided to close in on the light for a better look. As he increased his altitude, he realized in three to four minutes that he was now above the light. This was no star or planet. He then made a descent towards the object. As he approached, the white light was getting larger. The light then changed its color to red then back to white in the span of about two seconds. This occurred repeatedly two or three times in rapid succession then culminated in the light changing into a perfect triangle. As soon as he was able to process what happened, the triangle then split into two triangles, one above the other. Then both triangles suddenly disappeared. The witness stated “It was just like someone turning off a light – it’s there, then it’s gone.”

The fact that the object appeared to change shape is something we have heard of before in other cases. In addition, the fact that two triangular UFOs were sighted together is another aspect that has been documented elsewhere. Finally, the ability to vanish instantaneously is not without precedence either. These and other aspects we will explore in greater detail in the next chapter.

An important wave of triangular UFO sightings occurred over Denmark from November of 1957 into 1958 that captured the attention of the Danish Defense Intelligence Service. These were well-documented by military officials as well as the Danish newspaper, B-T. Due to their place in our historical chronology, let’s examine these further.

The newspaper, B-T, in its April 16th, 1958 edition stated “Triangular space ships have also now appeared in the southern part of Jutland. From every part come reports of mysterious phenomena in the sky towards the late evening. All witnesses state with certainty that conventional aircraft are not involved.” It further noted “So many reports of a similar nature have been sent to the Air Force Station of Skrydstrup that they have been unable to cope with them all and more are expected in the near future.”

As if to bolster this newspaper report, I came across a Reuters news article dated just three days later, April 19th, entitled “Spaceship over Denmark.” This article recounted the sighting by a woman on April 15th, 1958 near the town of Broager in south Jutland. She described the low-flying triangular object she witnessed as big and black. Further, she noted as it flew over Broager a number of horseshoe-shaped objects “emitting a strong light” emerged from the large craft. The woman’s account was corroborated by approximately twenty other witnesses in the area who reported seeing “a triangular spaceship” in the same area at the same time.

This last report made its way into the Project Blue Book files and is the only reference there to this dramatic wave of sightings. Luckily, we have the aforementioned newspaper report that shed additional insight into the events of that time. Most interesting is the reference to objects emerging from the triangular object in question. Of course this harkens back to the BOAC Stratocruiser incident of June 29, 1954 over Labrador as well as other cases on-file.

The UFO wave over Denmark apparently began in November of 1957. Coincidentally, a series of triangular UFO sightings occurred and were documented in the Blue Book files that took place along the Illinois / Wisconsin border around this same timeframe on the night of November 5th, 1957. Is this just another mere coincidence? As noted on the report cover page, there were three UFO incidents reported on the night of November 5th. The items listed as “1” and “2” are the ones of interest to us.


Project Bluebook Report referencing three UFO sightings, November 5, 1957.


The first event occurred over the city of Woodstock, Illinois around 8:43 p.m. and involved the sighting of a large, triangular red object. As noted, the object had a green light in the front and was yellow or gray in the rear. I would assume they were referencing a gray surface and yellow light, but the report is ambiguous at best and no firm conclusion can be drawn based on the limited data. Also, noted is the description of a “low droning sound.” Finally, it indicates a direction of flight from “west to east and vice versa along the Illinois / Wisconsin border.” Keep this in mind later when we examine their conclusions.

The second event references a triangular object that was amber or orange in color seen over Delavan, Wisconsin around 10:15 p.m. Most important is the reference to the size of the object – two hundred feet in length. This size estimate correlates quite well with the Dutch East Indies’ reports of 1890 or those of Belgium in 1989 to 1991 or even those from southern Illinois on January 5, 2000. The duration of the sighting was five minutes.

This is not only another example of triangular UFO reports, but is an example of the poor quality of documentation and questionable conclusions made by Project Blue Book in many cases. Let’s look at the issues related to this report.

The first incident from Woodstock, Illinois did not solely consist of a sighting in Woodstock. On the half page devoted to this report it states a civilian in Genoa City, Wisconsin was an eyewitness to the UFO. More importantly, it notes that Woodstock, Illinois police officers saw the object as well. The significance of this is not just that there were multiple witnesses from varying locations, but that Woodstock, Illinois is located approximately twenty miles to the southwest of Genoa City. Add to this the second incident from Delavan, Wisconsin. Delavan is located approximately twenty five miles to the northwest of Genoa City. When analyzed the data suggests these were possibly linked events that occurred within a 50-mile radius within one and a half hours of each other.

Now we come to the conclusion drawn by Blue Book investigators. As shown on the report’s cover page, the conclusion for the source of the sightings was astronomical. Specifically, it was all due to an aurora according to Blue Book investigators. For quick review, an aurora consists of charged particles that collide with atoms in our upper atmosphere to create beautiful light displays. For most people, this is known more commonly as the aurora borealis or northern lights.

This so-called conclusion unfortunately doesn’t match the eyewitness testimony. Witnesses described a specific geometric shape and noted in one case a “low droning sound.” In addition, a direction of flight was indicated. This doesn’t fit the nature of an aurora which appears silently as a transient shimmering spectrum of light.

Compounded with this is the inconsistency within Blue Book’s own report. On the subsequent pages, references are made suggesting what was sighted over Woodstock and Delavan were jet aircraft. Sketches are provided showing the lighting patterns of particular jet aircraft. A notation next to one such sketch and the reference to Genoa City are scribbled the words “right under airway” suggesting the location is in an active flight path. Yet, the final conclusion is listed as “Was Astronomical – Aurora.”

If the events over the Illinois / Wisconsin border were explained away as an aurora, I would enjoy seeing the Air Force investigators stretch that explanation to fit an event that occurred the very next day over Padang in Central Sumatra, Indonesia.


Air Intelligence Report on UFO sighting over Indonesia, 1957.


This event occurred on the evening of November 6th, 1957 around 5:00 p.m. and involved two fishermen. It serves as one of the strangest accounts we will review. Due to the prevalence of triangular UFO reports both in the United States as well as Denmark during this same timeframe, we should not be predisposed to discount this event due to its high-strangeness. Also, if the account is true and accurate, it serves as the one and only instance where a triangular UFO may have been observed in a state of emergency. I include it here in its entirety.

We now move forward to the year 1966. A Blue Book case that deserves attention occurred over Elmer, New Jersey on December 15th of that year. According to Blue Book, there was “insufficient data for evaluation” regarding this case. The documentation consists of a letter from the primary witness which we now quote:


“On December 15, 1966 I saw a U.F.O. My sister also saw the object. After you have read the data given below, if you have any questions ask them through the mail or contact me through my school. If you have any logical explanation, please send it to me in the mail. My mother objects completely to my discussing this sighting to anyone. I would gladly submit to a lie detector test.

The first sighting took place on December 15, 1966 between 5:30 & 6:00 p.m. The object appeared to be triangular (in) shape and three lights were going on & off. The object’s thickness appeared to be small when compared to the length of aside [sic]. Four people were in the car which was approximately 6 miles from Woodstown in a southeasterly direction. The car was approaching Woodstown at about 50 miles per hour. The object was going in the opposite direction at about the speed of a blimp. The distance the object was away was about 3 to 10 miles depending on its size, which was hard to determine. The second sighting took place between 6:15 and 6:45 p.m. on the way leaving Woodstown in a southeasterly direction. This time the car was almost passed over by the object. The shape was very clear, you will find a drawing enclosed. The major visible shape is covered in the drawing. I saw no large extensions nor minor extensions. Attached on another sheet you will find a Personal Data Sheet. I hope this sheet helps you realize that I have an above average intellect and that I am not subject to hallucinations.”


The witness then provided his sketch. The rounded corners are an aspect seen in many other cases. The reference to three lights does not go into detail, but we must consider the possibility of the lights being positioned at the three points of the UFO as characterized in numerous other reports such as our next case.


Witness sketch of object over Elmer, New Jersey, 1966.


This brings us to one last Blue Book case in our review of military reports. This case occurred over northern Woodstock, Connecticut on February 10th, 1967. The report appears to have been a civilian investigative report that Blue Book included in their files. They would often do this in addition to including newspaper and magazine references to UFO sightings in their case reports.

The one page report lists three witnesses to this event. The time of the sighting occurred between 5:30 and 5:45 p.m. The apparent size of the UFO was listed as “”larger” than a full moon. It was estimated to be 1,000 feet in altitude. It was observed to the south of the witness’ location and appeared to move from the northeast to the southwest. The object itself was described as a “dark outline” with a bright white light at each point of the triangle. It was described as silent when hovering, but it had a low rumbling sound when it moved. Most intriguing was the apparent flight of this object, since it reportedly “moved with its blunt end or base forward and its pointed end or apex trailing.” Suggestions were made that there may have been electromagnetic effects associated with the family’s television set when the UFO passed by as well. The following sketch was also provided.


Sketch of object over Woodstock, Connecticut, 1967.

On December 17th, 1969, Project Blue Book was terminated, much to the delight of Air Force officials. For years, the Project was more of a public relations front as opposed to a true scientific investigation of the UFO phenomenon. The conclusions of the Project were as follows:


1. No UFO reported, investigated, and evaluated by the Air Force was ever an indication of threat to our national security.

2. There was no evidence submitted to or discovered by the Air Force that sightings categorized as "unidentified" represented technological developments or principles beyond the range of modern scientific knowledge.

3. There was no evidence indicating that sightings categorized as "unidentified" were extraterrestrial vehicles.


It is interesting to note, despite these conclusions, that the United States Air Force has been involved in UFO cases subsequent to the termination of Project Blue Book as revealed by declassified documents. It might be due in-part to the statement made in another declassified document dated October 20th, 1969. This document is known as the “Bolender memo” named after the man who drafted it, Air Force Brigadier General, C.H. Bolender.

The memo lays out the history of the Air Force in its dealings with the UFO situation for the past 21 years. The purpose of the memo was to recommend the termination of Project Blue Book. It further states that “Moreover, reports of unidentified flying objects which could affect national security…are not part of the Blue Book system.” Later it restates this position “However, as already stated, reports of UFOs which could affect national security would continue to be handled through the standard Air Force procedures designed for this purpose.”

Is it then a surprise that one of Blue Book’s conclusions was that “No UFO reported, investigated, and evaluated by the Air Force was ever an indication of threat to our national security”? If all cases that posed such a threat were diverted away from Blue Book, of course they found no such indication of this. There have been various interpretations of this memo, but some think it sheds light on the UFO situation and Blue Book’s relationship with the phenomenon in the late 1960s.

Despite the United States wanting to (officially) distance themselves from the UFO subject, their counterparts in England decided to continue their collection of UFO reports as they had done since 1950. In fact, a Ministry of Defence (MOD) memo dated December 16th, 1971 stated “When the USAF announced in December 1969 the termination of Project Blue Book…the MOD position concerning UFO investigations was reviewed. It was decided early in 1970 that our policies and procedures for dealing with these reports should continue unchanged.”

Like their American counterparts, the British MOD had amassed quite a collection of reports involving UFOs that varied as much as the witnesses who filed them. Objects of all shapes, sizes, and colors were reported and documented. In the midst of these reports, there were an ever-growing number of triangular UFO reports. However, it wasn’t until the 1980s that this subset of reports became more and more prevalent.

A brief one page report alludes to a UFO sighting that occurred between Royton and Oldham in Greater Manchester in December 1981. It references a triangular UFO that apparently altered its size. It also described the UFO as having a light on each corner of the triangle. Further still, one of the lights reportedly detached itself from the object and flew off. There are certainly some familiar characteristics mentioned in this case that we have and will see in other cases.

Two years later, in December 1983, a similar UFO was observed by a witness who was walking his dogs at Sherlocks Farm in Groombridge, Sussex. This UFO had an orange light at each apex of the triangle. In addition, this UFO made a low droning sound as it passed by the witness. The incident was reported to the local police.

One month later, another report was filed involving a triangular UFO over Guilford, Surrey in January of 1984. This object had an escort. The report described the luminous triangle being preceded by a flashing light. In this case, the object was silent as it traveled to the east.

A most bizarre case in the MOD files described the sighting of a “sausage-shaped object” in October of 1985. The sighting occurred in French airspace and was reported by the pilot of a Cessna 421. The pilot observed the UFO and described it as large and black. It was located at the pilot’s 12 o’clock position. He observed this object for ten minutes before it “split into two triangular shaped objects” and disappeared. The sighting was initially reported to Marseilles Air Traffic Control. This is reminiscent of the Sabre jet sighting over Albany, Georgia on January 28th, 1953.

The year 1986 was a good year for triangular UFO reports in the MOD files. One case report in particular, dated March 18th, was referred to the Royal Air Force (RAF) West Drayton from the Maindee Police Station located in Newport, South Wales. The report detailed the sighting of two triangular UFOs the “points of which were facing in the same direction with a constant distance between them.” The size of the objects was described as “a few hundred yards long.” It further stated the “first triangle consisted of multi-coloured lights which were covering the entire area.” The second one “had three lights at each point.”

Another incident report dated May 6th described a number of unusual aspects characteristic of other cases. The witnesses were driving from the seaside town of Worthing to Billingshurst in West Sussex when they observed a somewhat triangular-shaped object described as a “trapezium-shaped object.” This oddity reportedly had “two square lights at front and two green lights and centre red light at rear.” It was also associated with a dull humming sound. The witnesses described this thing as hovering over the road then zigzagging across the road behind their car. They stopped their vehicle at which point the object came straight at them. It then turned while above them and proceeded in the direction of Guildford to the north.

One aspect of the British MOD files was their tendency to incorporate civilian UFO group reports and newsletters into their files much like their American Blue Book counterparts. A dramatic series of sightings was documented by the Plymouth UFO Research Group (PUFORG) in a memo dated August 29, 1987. Below are segments of this memo:


“I am compiling a full report on a sighting of two very large UFOs, which were seen, by what I estimate to have been hundreds of people, in Plymouth alone. These UFOs made successive passes over the city between the hours of 10:30 p.m. and 2:00 a.m. on the evening of the 4/5th of August… A feature of the incident that I am finding hard to clarify is the height at which the objects were flying and their size. While flying over Plymouth, the witnesses here (myself included) felt that they were at a height of something between ¼ and a ½ a mile, and apparently the size of a jumbo jet. However the two delta shaped objects were seen at the same time in the Plymouth direction, from Bude on the north coast, a distance of 40 miles away. The Bude sighting was by an RAF wartime navigator, who states that he has never seen anything like them in all his years associated with planes and flying…Believe me this was avery [sic] impressive ‘display’ by a very impressive unknown flying aircraft.”


One final note on this report was that references were made to the apparent sighting of the same objects 30 minutes prior over the city of Exeter in Devon located roughly 50 miles to the northeast. In this instance, the objects reportedly were tracked on radar by local Air Traffic Control. As previously mentioned, if this account is valid then there must have been a multitude of witnesses.

A little over a month later, another sighting occurred on September, 30th as documented in an MOD report dated October 5th. This event was reported to the Taunton Police Department in Somerset prior to the MOD being notified. The triangular object was observed by three witnesses who described bright white lights at each point in addition to red lights underneath it. The size was estimated to be comparable to three C-130 aircraft (which has a length of 97 feet 9 inches and a wingspan of 132 feet 7 inches). The object was reported to rotate to the left as it was being observed.

Another significant report surfaced regarding two triangular UFOs and has similarities to the Newport, South Wales case from 1986 mentioned earlier. This incident occurred around 9:45 p.m. on the evening of May16th, 1988 and involved multiple witnesses in the area of Stafford. In fact, we previously covered this case in referencing the July 1st edition of the Stafford Newsletter, the article entitled “After MP’s plea, more tell of UFO Mystery.” It stated that Stafford MP, Bill Cash, would be presenting the case information to Defence Minister, Roger Freeman, for “official investigation.” Multiple reports were in fact sent to the MOD courtesy of William Cash. The following are some of those.

One witness stated the UFOs were below the height that a microlight aircraft would fly and there was no noise detectable. The objects moved slowly towards her and five other witnesses and then turned around. She indicated that a normal plane would not have “banked” in the same way suggesting something out of the ordinary with regard to its movement.

Another witness was walking her dog with her son-in-law who was a police officer at 9:30 p.m. when they both observed two headlights moving towards them. They stated there was no sound. As they passed both of them overhead, there was a mass of lights on the underside of both. The objects moved slowly and in an easterly direction.

Another group of eyewitnesses described seeing the objects at approximately 10 p.m. They described two delta-shaped objects coming from the south that turned towards the southeast. The objects were flying silently together at an estimated 5,000 feet altitude and made no sound.

The most detailed account came from an eyewitness who observed the objects for an estimated four minutes. At first, the witness sighted two bright lights very low on the horizon at approximately 9:40 p.m. The lights were seen in a horizontal position to one another, but steadily shifted to a vertical position. These lights dimmed as they approached the witness. Then numerous colored lights became visible. As the objects flew directly overhead, the witness could see “two perfect triangles” in line with one another. There was a faint sound noticeable. The object eventually disappeared from view. The witness also added some closing remarks. “I know of no plane that can manoeuvre in this manner at such a slow speed. The triangles were equal in size and the distance apart did not fluctuate at all. If it had not been in the air I would have said that it could not fly at all.” A sketch was provided of the sighting.


Sketch of object over New South Wales, 1986.


Triangular UFO reports continued to flood into the MOD from the 1980s to the 1990s. However, it wasn’t until January 6th, 1995 when England was presented with one of the most sobering UFO encounters. This case involved the near-collision of a commercial airliner and a triangular UFO!

British Airways Flight 5061 from Milan was making its final approach towards Manchester Airport as it flew over the Pennine Mountains of North Central England. The time was 6:48 p.m. as the Boeing 737 passenger plane was 8 to 9 miles outside of Manchester and flying north at 4,000 feet altitude. In the cockpit were the pilot, Captain Roger Wills and his First Officer, Mark Stuart. Sixty passengers were on board. This seemingly uneventful flight was about to change.

As the two men were involved with their normal operations, their attention was quickly diverted to the sight of a lighted object moving in the opposite direction that streaked towards them and just past the right hand side of the plane! The object was only in sight for 2 to 3 seconds and then was gone from their field of view. Despite the apparent proximity of this object relative to the plane, there was no sound or wake as it passed close by. It appeared so close that the First Officer ducked instinctively!

A transcript of the communication between Manchester Airport and Flight 5061 contained the subsequent discussion:


B737: Manchester this is Speedbird 5061. We just had something go down the right hand side just above us very fast.

Manchester: Well, there’s nothing seen on radar. Was it…er…an aircraft?

B737: Well, it had lights, it went down the starboard side very quick.

Manchester: And above you?

B737: …er, just slightly above us, yeah.

Manchester: Keep an eye out for something…er… I can’t see anything at all at the moment so… er… must have… er… been very fast or gone down very quickly after it passed you I think.

B737: OK. Well, there you go!


The object itself was described as a dark silver wedge or triangular craft with a dark stripe down the side of it. The object was not seen again and the passenger plane landed safely just minutes later.

For some time, neither pilot came forward to speak publicly about the incident. Finally, the First Officer, Mark Stuart, allowed himself to be interviewed by the Daily Mail newspaper. The August 5th, 1996 edition carried a recap of the case along with commentary. The following are some of the statements made by the First Officer.


“My peripheral vision was drawn to something out of the front window. I actually saw the object coming towards me. It was a silvery-grey wedge-shaped object.

My reaction was to reach for the control column to try to get away from what I felt was an object in very close proximity. My hands never really went further forward than maybe an inch or two. The object passed very, very close down the right hand-side.

I asked the captain if he had seen it, to which he replied ‘yes’, he had.

We decided to ask air traffic control if they had seen anything on the radar. They replied that they hadn’t and asked us if we’d like to file an air miss, which would lead to an investigation.

The object didn’t alter its course. There was no deviation on the part of either aircraft. It just came down the side, making no attempt to avoid us, and we didn’t have a chance to take any evasive action. It was over very quickly, so there wasn’t much that could be done.

I suggested to the captain that it would be a good idea to draw what we had seen. We both did so.

The objects we drew were the same shape, but they differed in texture – mine was a solid object which I believed had black or grey stripes down the side.

I didn’t see any windows or anything like that. The captain drew a similar shape, but his was made up of lots of different little lights.

I felt his drawing could be explained by a reflection from our landing lights as the object went down our right-hand side.

We then phoned air traffic control and decided that we would file an air miss, which meant that all the traces from radar would have to be examined in further detail.”


The Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) investigated the case for months, but was at odds to determine what actually took place. They reviewed the audio transcripts; analyzed the radar data; and interviewed both ground and air personnel. The result of their hard labor resulted in a final report released on February 2nd, 1996 (see Appendix for the full report). The final statements of the report read as follows:


Having debated the various hypotheses at length the Group concluded that, in the absence of any firm evidence which could identify or explain this object, it was not possible to assess either the cause or the risk by any of the normal criteria applicable to airmiss reports. The incident therefore remains unresolved.


PART C: ASSESSMENT OF RISK AND CAUSE

Degree of Risk:Unassessable

Cause:Unassessable


The case captured the attention of those in England and around the world due to the air safety concerns it presented as well as the credibility of the air crew. It is unfortunate that it takes a case of this nature to draw attention to the aspect of air safety relative to the UFO phenomenon. In point of fact, any genuine unidentified flying object that violates controlled airspace is a potential air safety hazard.

This case also solidified in many people’s minds the idea that had been circulating in England for a number of years now. It was the notion that these triangular UFOs being seen with such prevalence over England were in fact top secret American/British aircraft. For years, newspaper articles in England were contemplating this thought. Aviation experts were weighing in on the debate as well. For most people, it was easier to accept the notion these mystery objects were terrestrial aircraft versus someone else’s. Maybe they were right – maybe not.

This sentiment was expressed in the MOD files in a letter dated January 9th, 1997 in reference to the Manchester air-miss incident. It was sent to the Right Honourable Michael Portillo, MP in the House of Commons. The letter was straight and to the point:


“Dear Mr. Portillo,

As minister for defence can you explain why top secret triangular aircraft are being allowed to fly through British airspace at a level which endangers civilian air traffic? In January of 1995 a civilian airliner almost collided with one of these craft and was only inches away from what would have been a most horrific loss of life. Can you tell me if these craft are required to observe the practise of carrying radar warning beacons? At least this would give our civilian pilots some warning of their approach.

Yours Sincerely”

(Name not provided)

[See Appendix for letter of reply]


Despite concern and speculation, the sightings of these objects continued unabated through 1995. A June 15th sighting around 2:30 a.m. was documented by RAF West Drayton involving a “triangular object – with 2 round objects brightly lit.” Another was referenced in a letter that purportedly occurred over Low Bradfield Village around 12:15 a.m. on July 29th. Five witnesses there sighted a “triangular object bigger than a commercial airliner.” This object, like others we have reviewed, was “flying flat side forward.” A low humming sound was also associated with this object.

On August 14th, a roughly triangular object was sighted by three family members just before midnight near the Brighton Race Course in East Sussex. The corresponding sketch resembled the bottom of a flat iron which harkens back to the Eklutna, Alaska case we examined from 1936 during our historical review. The reported size of the object was enormous. This was also forwarded to the MOD by RAF West Drayton.

Another sighting occurred on September 29th at 8:50 p.m. over Stanley in Durham County. The witness reported that they were familiar with most aircraft that frequent the skies in that area, but added “but this craft seemed so unusual I just could not identify it as any known type flown in the U.K.” He added that there had been many unusual sightings in that area recently. The witness noted in the report “I must add however that I did view the craft through binoculars as it disappeared from view so (I) had a better look than the others at this unusual craft.”


Witness sketch of craft, September 1995.


Many more triangular reports were sent to the MOD during this timeframe. One account was titled “ ’Unidentified Flying Objects’ – Tue 12 Aug 97 – Police Report.” The detailed account involved the UFO sighting by two unnamed Corsham police officers. The following excerpt tells the story:


At 0100 hours Tuesday 12th August, 1997, I was travelling along the unclassified Corsham to Lacock road. I was in company with (name omitted). We had reached a point just past the railway bridge, grid reference 894698, when an unidentified object flew past us in the same direction. I would estimate it’s [sic] height at approximately 30 feet as it was just above the tree top level. The Police vehicle was travelling at 35-40 mph and the object’s estimated speed is 45-50mph.

Having passed us it then headed north east towards Chippenham. At this point it was joined by a second object which seemed to be following it. As they headed towards Chippenham their speed increased and were lost to sight of us within seconds.

The night was still and calm, visibility was very good and the police vehicle had it’s [sic] windows down.

On seeing the objects the police vehicle was turned left and the engine/radio switched off. At no point whilst in view of the objects could any sound be heard ie [sic]: rotor blades, engines, propellers.

I can only describe the object as triangular.


Another very brief account was documented that purportedly occurred on January 11th, 1998 between 1:00 and 1:50 a.m. The location was Cuddington, Cheshire. The report described another pair of triangular UFOs. In this instance, the two “merged into one.” Most notable were the accompanying sketches.


Sketches of object seen over Cuddington, Cheshire, January 11th, 1998.


These cases are but a sampling of the numerous references to large triangular UFOs in the MOD files. It should be noted that many of these reports pre-date the famous Belgian UFO wave that started in November of 1989. Like their Project Blue Book counterparts, these records show that people were reporting these mysterious objects for many years.

Upon reviewing these military cases, there appear to be correlations with the newspaper accounts previously surveyed. When viewed as a collective body of evidence, these accounts suggest there is a consistent narrative being told. These reports strongly indicate the existence of a genuine, tangible, and oftentimes scary phenomenon.

Indeed, the next step is to examine what patterns exist in the data. It should be self-evident by now that the similarities in these cases transcend the basic triangular shape. When assembled, the aspects associated with the overall appearance and behavior of these objects serves to better illustrate the mystery we seek to unravel.


===========================================================================
Chapter 7: Establishing a Profile


In reviewing the multitude of triangular UFO cases on file, I have discovered twenty common characteristics repeatedly described by eyewitnesses which help provide a working profile for these UFOs. I recognize that many of these aspects are not exclusive to triangular UFOs, but are reported in association with other types of UFO sightings. However, their prevalence and the consistency with which they show themselves in this subset of reports must be acknowledged.

These characteristics can be divided into two categories, primary and secondary, consisting of ten each. The primary characteristics are those that are displayed in the vast majority of triangular UFO reports. The secondary characteristics are not as prevalent, yet have surfaced repeatedly over the years. Together, they provide a working model of the triangular UFOs’ appearance and behaviors.


TRIANGULAR UFO CHARACTERISTICS


PRIMARY

• Beams of light emitted

• Three bright lights (one at each point)

• Large size

• Ability to hover

• Ability to make flat turns

• Silent flight

• Slow speed

• Low-altitude flight

• Sharp turns at high speed

• Rapid acceleration


SECONDARY

• Associated sounds

• Observed with non-triangular UFOs

• Electromagnetic (EM) effects

• Multiple triangular UFOs

• Colored (glowing) underside

• Erratic movement

• Blunt-end-forward movement

• Detachable lights/objects

• Shape-shifting

• Superstructure observed


PRIMARY:


1. Beams of light emitted

These fall into two categories resembling either spotlights and/or laser-like beams.

The spotlights will often shine down to the ground and illuminate terrain, vehicles, or people. There are other reports indicating the lights extend almost to the ground, but do not touch. In these later reports, witnesses have described a defined beam that does not radiate outwards as a conventional light beam will do the further it radiates outward from the source. Reports will often describe the light as appearing to almost have solidity due to this extremely focused beam.

The laser-like beams have been reported to shine down to the ground, but also to “shoot” back and forth horizontally between two or more triangular UFOs. The most common color described is that of a red laser beam.


2. Three bright lights (one at each point)

Although lighting patterns vary in the reports, by far, the most common description by witnesses involves that of large circular white lights (one at each point of the triangle) and often a central red/orange light located roughly in the center of the triangle.

Typically, the white lights are steady and are often reported as very large circles of light as opposed to smaller lights as seen on common commercial and military aircraft.

The central red / orange light is reported as steady or as pulsing. This light is usually less pronounced than its white counterparts.


This is one of the most typical lighting arrays associated with these objects. However, it should be noted the most variability in the reports typically involves lighting patterns.


3. Large size

One of the most startling aspects of these reports involves the sheer size of these objects based on the accounts. Despite the fact that eyewitnesses may have difficulty estimating size based on an estimate of altitude, the scale of these objects is such that they often obscure a majority of the sky when overhead. In many cases, a witness, despite a wide field of view, cannot visually capture the size of these objects in their totality.


4. Ability to hover

One of the most interesting flight dynamics associated with these reports involves the ability for these objects to hover in a stationary position. Most often, these objects maintain a horizontal position parallel to the ground. However, a small percentage of reports suggest they may achieve a vertical and lateral position relative to the ground as well. While hovering, these objects do not exhibit any down draft or air displacement similar to helicopters or aircraft that maintain stationary positions in mid-air (e.g., Harrier jet).


5. Ability to make flat turns

In conjunction with the previous aspect, an added flight characteristic associated with these craft involves the ability to make course corrections while maintaining a horizontal position parallel to the ground.

In doing this, they do not exhibit the characteristic roll (tilting) that normal aircraft display when making turns. I have suggested that perhaps the three large lights at each corner serve as stabilizers in the same way a three-legged table would rely on support from its three legs to maintain a level stance.


6. Silent flight

Compared to any conventional aircraft, these objects are often notorious for emitting no noise whatsoever. Coupled with their appreciable size the silent flight is a characteristic that has left witnesses emotionally shaken.

This absence of sound seems to be an accurate description, since many witnesses have had relatively close observations with minimal background noise and wind which, if it were present at the time, could suppress noise coming from the object in question.


7. Slow speed

If these objects are not reported hovering or rapidly accelerating, they often are said to move very slowly across the sky. Many witnesses have made statements that reflect this often adding a comment that they don’t know how the object could stay aloft while moving so slowly. This is one more aspect that suggests some unknown type of propulsion system.


8. Low-altitude flight

A characteristic that lends to the “close encounters” with these objects is the commonly reported description of the objects being extremely low in altitude. In the majority of cases, the altitude of these objects is often judged to be approximately 500 to 1,000 feet above the witnesses’ heads.

In addition, witnesses have reportedly observed these low-level flights and also observed the objects increasing in altitude to apparently avoid colliding with tall objects such as electrical lines and trees. This suggests dangerously low altitude maneuvers. Could this be a maneuver designed to avoid radar?


9. Sharp turns at high speed

In association with erratic flight, these objects have been reported to make acute angular turns and marked changes in altitude while moving at tremendous velocities. Despite this, these objects seem to conduct themselves effortlessly in performing these maneuvers. It cannot be emphasized enough that these flight dynamics are indicative of some non-traditional type of propulsion system.


10. Rapid acceleration

In some instances, this relocation is described as almost instantaneous. This acceleration rate has been demonstrated while in mid-flight or from a stationary position. Often, this acceleration rate has been estimated to far exceed the sound barrier, yet no sonic booms are reported.


SECONDARY:


11. Associated sounds

As stated earlier, many reports indicate these objects are completely silent. However, this is not always the case. In some instances, witnesses have stated that they clearly could discern subtle noises associated with these objects. Although the descriptions vary, they are similar types of noises that are not indicative of conventional jet or propeller-based aircraft.


12. Observed with non-triangular UFOs

Certain cases suggest that these objects are flying in conjunction with other UFOs that are not triangular in appearance. These accounts vary, but strongly suggest a pattern of behavior or association that has yet to be understood. Rectangular objects have been seen in conjunction with triangular craft on more than one occasion.


13. Electromagnetic (EM) effects

In a relatively small percentage of cases, interference has occurred with electrical devices in association with fly-bys of these triangular UFOs. The objects affected vary from report to report. However, due to the nature of EM effects in association with many other types of UFO sightings, it is necessary to mention this.


14. Multiple triangular UFOs

An amazing number of reports reflect the tendency for these objects to fly in groups of two or more. Some of the reports indicate that groups of two appear to be common. In certain extraordinary instances, these objects seem to have the ability to physically merge and separate with each other as referenced earlier.


15. Colored (glowing) underside

In some cases, while discreet lights are noticeable, the bottom of these objects manifest a dull glow, that is sometimes reddish in color. In some cases, this characteristic has been described as a shimmering effect.

Both this characteristic as well as the unusual lighting may reflect aspects of the propulsion systems that propel these objects in our atmosphere.


16. Erratic movement

One of the more enigmatic aspects associated with these objects is the behavior of moving erratically across the sky. This can take on many forms such as flying in zigzag patterns at high speed; flying across the sky, stopping, and flying back again and stopping, going up then down then left then right. Again, these maneuvers are executed without the typical turn radius or banking one sees with conventional aircraft.


17. Blunt-end-forward movement

A quality associated with these objects is the ability to move with a flat side of the triangle forward and a point of the triangle trailing in the rear. This is contrary to conventional aircraft design with a pointed front and narrow fuselage or a swept wing design that radiates from a pointed front. Yet, a large percentage of reports involving these triangular UFOs have included eyewitnesses who claim to have seen these objects moving forward with the leading edge of the craft being wide and flat as opposed to tapered and pointed.

It should also be noted the sides of these objects are reportedly flat and not tapered in any way. References have been made to a wedge of cheese to describe this. Again, what types of propulsion and guidance systems are being employed?


18. Detachable lights / objects

In a smaller number of cases, lights / objects have been reported to detach or eject themselves from these craft. They have been known to apparently fly and maneuver independently. They are also observed returning to the object in some cases.

The central red / orange light (see #2) has reportedly done this in some reports.


19. Shape-shifting

Objects have the ability to transform before eyewitnesses to and from a triangular shape. In many reports, the object may divide from one to two triangular objects which then move independently. In other reports two triangular objects may merge into one.


20. Superstructure observed

Although some reports describe no structural features or details other than a dark mass and lights, some accounts state that these objects have very detailed superstructure or relief on their undersides. In some instances, this has been described as resembling pipes or girders. This would not be considered very aerodynamic from a conventional perspective.


* * *


EXAMINATION OF CASES ON RECORD


The following is only a partial list of cases on record that exemplify the characteristics previously mentioned. Please note that these cases are used to illustrate a given characteristic as italicized in each account. However, in almost every case there is a clear indication that the sighting reports reflect a combination of the characteristics we have just described. In other words, these are not mutually exclusive. In the vast majority of cases, there are at least two to three such characteristics described in each account. In my opinion, this underscores the fact that we are dealing with reports of similar craft whose comparisons go far beyond their simple geometric shape.

The cases listed here are in addition to those discussed previously. The only exceptions are select reports from the Belgian UFO wave and the January 5th, 2000 incident to illustrate the similarities of these cases with the body of evidence at-large. This is just a sampling of cases. Numerous other reports exist in addition to what is now presented.


PRIMARY


1. Beams of light emitted


November 1957 – Denmark (near Jordrup). A Mr. Hans Haugaard Hansen was delivering some goods…and saw a triangular-shaped object moving at a very low-level across a field. It emitted a reddish or orange-colored light and made no sound. (source: Flying Saucer Review July-August 1958)


6-11-66 – Venezuela (Falcon State). A luminous UAO (unidentified aerial object) which stopped and hovered in midair for short intervals was seen. Several people…stopped to watch the triangular-shaped object which appeared, from its maneuvers, to be searching for something. Its flight was fast, but the hovering maneuvers indicated a search of some sort. (A witness) said the object gave off a beam of light in various directions, which contributed to the impression of a search. (source: APRO Bulletin July-August 1966)


3-5-67 – United States (South Dakota). A couple and their two kids witnessed a bright light following their car. The “object” kept closing the distance between it and the car until there “was less than a mile difference.” The object came closest to the car about 10 miles east of Hayes, South Dakota and…”was as low as the telephone wires.” The “thing” seemed to be V-shaped with a bright light coming from it. (Then it was) reported the road and an area around the car was bathed in a light bright enough “so you could drive without headlights.” The couple also reported a humming sound and a feeling of “numbness” during the time the road and the area around the car were lit up. (source: APRG Reporter #56, May 1967)


10-5-73 - United States (Pennsylvania). Two state troopers observed a heart-shaped object, with the point in front, shining down a large, bright, powerful beam (of light) straight down, hovering silently at about 1,200 feet. The sighting lasted 90 seconds. The object traveled a quarter mile whereupon the red lights at the side went out; it then emitted a purring sound and took off. (source: Evening Journal of Wilmington, DE)


12-9-74 – Austria. (The witness) saw an object which at first she took to be an airplane. It sent out beams – green, blue, red, and so on. She sketched a triangular shape…From 10:30 until 11:00 p.m. she watched the object. (source: Flying Saucer Review vol. 21 issue 5)


4-4-75 – United States (North Carolina). White Lake police chief reported that an object hovered over his car about 8:45 p.m., shining a light “so bright I could hardly look at it.” (He) said that the object hovered 200 feet over his car. (source: News & Observer of Raleigh, North Carolina)


8-11-91 – Scotland (Edinburgh). A triangle was reported in the skies over the Bathgate Hills and it was seen to project beams of light towards the ground. (source: Flying Saucers and How To See Them, Randles)


Summer 1992 – Puerto Rico (Santiago Military Base). Two brothers…saw a gigantic silent triangle passing over the town of Salinas and heading towards the base…It looked metallic, dark grey, with what looked like a rough under-surface with numerous smaller lights of various colors and two big white ones. From one of these latter (ones) a shaft of white light was being beamed down. (source: Flying Saucer Review vol. 44 issue 3)


8-19-92 – United States (Arizona). About 1:00am a 31-year-old male was driving near Tucson, AZ when he noticed a strange light off in the distance. As the light form approached from the northeast it…descended rapidly, came across a field and began to hover. A cone of light came out of the bottom which completely bathed the area, illuminating the ground and surrounding vegetation. At this point the witness was approximately 200 to 300 yards from it and was able to discern that it was a solid object, an actual craft. It looked like a manta ray with a dull black matte finish…The young man pulled his car over to the side of the road and stopped. He heard no sound…As the craft moved directly overhead, the witness got back into his car and sped away. After getting back on the freeway he spotted the craft again as it stopped over a nearby farmhouse. Again a bright light came from the underside of the craft, engulfing the entire house and the area around it for almost 20 seconds. It was about 15 feet above the house. The craft then moved away from the house, illuminating a large area of trees behind the house. (source: MUFON Journal issue #296, 1992)


January 1994 – Japan (Fujitsu-gun). At approximately 7:00 p.m. the witness observed a bright light moving towards his car while he was driving. The single light appeared to be three lights as it approached his vehicle. The lights descended and appeared to be attached to a dark triangular-shaped object. Then the car was flooded with a brilliant white light described as being just like a searchlight. The witness increased his vehicle’s speed and the object kept pace for a short time. The beam of light lit up the road ahead of the car until the triangle increased its speed and disappeared. (source: The Flying Triangle Mystery, Omar Fowler, 1996)


12-3-94 – England (Sutton-in-Ashfield, Notts). An amateur astronomer noticed a bright light in the sky. He drove to a nearby hill and observed a “flying triangle” approach and hover over the countryside. It then shone a beam of light to the ground. (source: The Flying Triangle Mystery, Fowler, 1996)


11-27-95 – United Arab Emirates (Dubai). Two triangle-shaped unidentified flying objects (UFOs) have been sighted by five men in the United Arab Emirates (UAE), the English daily Gulf News reported today. The UFOs…emitted strong laser beam-like blue rays splashed with red (one witness) was quoted as saying. (source: Saudi Gazette, Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, Nov. 28, 1995)


6-26-98 – England (Stourbridge). Two individuals spotted a triangular UFO hovering above Corbett Hospital. The sighting occurred in the early morning hours. The witnesses said the UFO had white lights at each corner and projected a white beam (of light) onto buildings. (source: Express & Star, Wolverhampton, England, July 10, 1998)


2. Three bright lights (one at each point, often with a central red/orange light)


8-22-64 – United States (Maryland). A broadcast engineer for radio station WFBR and a friend watched a lighted triangular object pass directly overhead about 9:35 p.m. At first (they) thought it was an airplane, but as it neared, he observed it through 8x50 binoculars and saw the well-defined shape. At each corner was a steady bright white light. A small green light was observed above the white light on one of the trailing corners, and a small red light in the center underneath. Neither of the colored lights blinked. (source: UFO Investigator, vol. 2, no. 12, 1964, NICAP)


10-28-80 – United States (Missouri). A number of people sighted strange bright lights flying over northern Livingston County and several adjacent counties. Based on calls to local police and radio stations, the first sightings were believed to have occurred between 9 and 9:30 p.m. The most widely reported configuration was that of a triangular-shaped object with lights on each of the corners and a red light hanging down from the center on some sort of appendage. (source: APRO Bulletin, vol. 29, no. 5, 1981)


11-29-89 – Belgium (Eupen). At 17:24 hours, two Eupen gendarmes…had seen in the vicinity of the Grosse Welde farm powerful lights shining on the meadows beside the road. The vivid glow seemed to be coming from a stationary platform which was almost right above their van. This platform was a triangle with three big white lights and a sort of flashing reddish-orange revolving light (in the center). (source: Flying Saucer Review, vol. 35, no. 2, 1990)


3-31-93 – England (near Kerris, Cornwall). Several witnesses on a farm watched a large triangular object (at 1:10 a.m.) showing three bright white lights and a central flashing red light floating along at a steady pace. (source: The Flying Triangle Mystery, Fowler, 1996)


4-26-95 – England (Derby). A retired school teacher…was going upstairs to bed at her home at 11:45 p.m.…She peered out of the window to see a huge flying triangle flying slowly overhead. It had three bright white lights and one central red light. The witness described it as “cruising slowly and being very large in size.” (source: The Flying Triangle Mystery, Fowler, 1996)


1-1-96 – England (between Colchester to Clacton). A couple was traveling in their car at 2:20 a.m. when they realized that a large triangular shaped object was following them. It had three very large white lights and a single red light. The object was behind them all the way from Colchester and seemed able to vary its speed to that of the car. Eventually, when they reached Clacton, it flew out to sea. (source: The Flying Triangle Mystery, Fowler, 1996)


3-9-96 – England (Gallows Corner in Romford). At approximately 10:50 p.m. five people watched a large triangular-shaped object with white lights at each corner and a pulsating orange light in the center. (source: Romford Recorder, Essex, England, Mar. 15, 1996)


6-17-96 – United States (Florida). A large black triangular object was spotted at about 10:30 p.m. by a Pensacola motorist…He pulled his vehicle to the side of the road as did another motorist. The object had a single white light at each corner and hovered directly over the road. A red blinking light was at the center of the triangle. (source: Islander, Pensacola Beach, Florida, July 10, 1996)


3. Large size


11-3-61 - England (Eyres Monsell). At 4:30 p.m. a witness observed an object that was brilliant like a star with an orange center flying south at an estimated 600 miles per hour. It was reportedly triangular in shape and appeared to be about three times the size of an Avro Vulcan bomber. The Vulcan bomber has a wingspan of 99 feet, 5 inches, and a length of 97 feet, inch. (source: Flying Saucer Review, vol. 8, no. 2, 1962)


12-15-65 – England (Surrey). A reader noted that he observed a triangular object, white in color, fly over his home in the direction of London (Heathrow) Airport. The man wrote, “What attracted my attention was the sound of an airliner’s engines and as I am keen about aircraft I looked up: the aircraft was still some way off, and it was then that this triangular UFO swooped by like a graceful swan. It was lost to sight in a second or so and it did not have any fins, aerofoils, or apertures. The altitude of the clouds and the object were about 1,500 – 2,000 feet…The object was about one and a fourth times the length of a Vickers Viscount aircraft (85ft,8in) and the apparent wingspan width of a Boeing 707 (minimum of 130ft, 10in) as the width of its base. Also, it was absolutely silent.” (source: Flying Saucer Review, vol. 12, no. 2, 1966)


4-14-72 – United States (Connecticut). At least four adults around the city of Waterbury reported spotting a triangular-shaped UFO moving silently above the town. All of the witnesses said the object emitted no sound as it maneuvered about the evening sky. Two witnesses claimed the object appeared to be about the size of a 707 (minimum width of 130ft, 10in / minimum length of 144ft, 6in), while another witness said he thought it was even larger – “bigger than a 747 (minimum width of 195ft, 8in / minimum length of 231ft 10in).” (source: UFO Investigator, Dec., 1972, NICAP)


5-5-81 - United States (New Jersey). Four family members reportedly observed a large UFO glide noiselessly over their home in Tewksbury. Following a power outage around 9:30 p.m., the family’s attention was drawn to lights outside the home. One of the witnesses observed dozens of green, blue, and red lights “buzzing” in the southern sky. According to this witness, they appeared to hover around a huge airborne vehicle covered with hundreds of lights. “The big ship was simply enormous” said the witness. He estimated it to be larger than four or five Boeing 747 planes put together. “It wasn’t round. It was kind of elongated and had an outline of wings.” Another witness remarked that the thing was flying at the same level as a small aircraft would fly – not as high up as a jet. (source: Hunterdon County Democrat, May 14, 1981)


8-1-83 - United States (Washington). Two witnesses reported to MUFON that they observed a triangular-shaped object over College Place (near Walla Walla) around 9:15 p.m. The witnesses were sitting on their front porch enjoying the night air when they sensed something passing over the house. They observed this triangular-shaped object which one witness described as like one of those “old flying wings.” They said it was covered in a myriad of small, off-white or orange colored lights on the underside and along the edges. No distinguishing marks were noted. The object was silent. One witness estimated the apparent size of the object as that of several 8.5 by 11 inch sheets of paper held at arm’s length. He said the object was large and traveled “awful fast.” (source: MUFON Journal, #188, 1983)


4. Ability to hover


11-23-57 – United States (Richland Township, Pennsylvania). Six truck drivers observed a “strange lighted object hovering over a field…for half an hour.” Witnesses were interviewed by local police. The interviewing officer stated “I never saw three men more shaken up.” The drivers were returning to their place of business after eating at a local restaurant. They noticed an object hovering over a field adjacent to the road with three lights in a triangular pattern. They stopped and exited their vehicle. They then walked across the field towards the object. When they got within 75 feet of the object, it moved to the east then to the south. Some men returned to their vehicle and aimed its headlights at the UFO. The UFO then extinguished its lights and disappeared. (source: Pittsburgh Sun-Telegraph, date unknown)


August 1969 – England (Bolton, Lancashire). “Watched by a terrified woman and her 14-year-old daughter, a mysterious flying object hovered for ten seconds over the rooftops of Bolton and then disappeared in a flash of light…Mrs. Unsworth and her daughter Carol were looking out of their back bedroom window at dusk when they saw the huge, triangular object. It was surrounded by flickering green lights with oval lights, one red and two green, burning at the corners. I couldn’t judge how big it was, but it was certainly big. It was silent and it stopped over the chimneys as though it wanted someone to see it.” (source: Evening News, August 26, 1969)


9-8-70 – United States (Washington). In Zillah, a farmer dismounting from his tractor at dusk spotted a triangular shaped object hovering overhead in the direction of the moon. “Steel gray” in color, it had a red light at each of its bottom corners and white lights or windows in its center. The object was also observed by four other adults and three children. It eventually moved upward and out of sight. (source: UFO Investigator, January 1971, NICAP)


2-12-78 – United States (Washington). A couple observed an orange triangle with a hole in it hovering above Lake Sacajawea for approximately 15 seconds at approximately 11:00pm. The triangle was about two and a half trees up in the air (altitude). According to the witnesses, there was no noise. (source: Longview Washington News, Feb. 13, 1978)


5. Ability to make flat turns.


9-7-53 – United States (Ohio). At approximately 6:30 p.m., a Cleveland man witnessed a UFO pass overhead. The man glanced up to notice a grayish-blue object directly overhead that was heading north. The UFO appeared to be less than 3000 ft altitude. It was shaped roughly like an equilateral triangle, but rounded somewhat on the sides and angles, and was rotating around a central axis. Eventually, the object disappeared from sight after about 5 seconds. (source: The UFO Evidence, NICAP)


11-24-86 – United States (Wisconsin). At 11 p.m. a man was driving when he noticed unusual lights in the sky. He stopped and observed an object described as resembling a flattened triangle. The size was estimated to be about 75 ft wide. Pairs of flashing red lights were seen at each corner. On the sides of the object were pairs of white and red lights that did not flash. The object itself was a dark brown or black color. As it hovered, it rotated slowly and made no sound. The man watched the object for about 2 to 3 minutes and decided to get a closer look. As he drove toward it, the craft stopped rotating and began to move. It stayed in front of him flying very low. The man eventually lost sight of the object behind some trees. (source: APRO Bulletin, vol.33, no. 7, 1987)


1-5-2000 – United States (Illinois). At approximately 4:15 a.m., an Illinois police officer responded to a call regarding a UFO heading towards the vicinity of Lebanon. He noticed a brilliant set of lights in the eastern sky and drove to investigate them further. Upon nearing the lights, he could see a large, elongated triangular-shaped object moving silently through the sky. He exited his vehicle and observed the object. It rotated in the air making a flat turn (i.e., maintaining a level position). It went from pointing northwest to pointing southwest. Then the object silently and abruptly accelerated away towards the southwest. (source: MUFON Journal, #383, 2000, and personal interview notes)


6. Silent flight


March 1967 - Puerto Rico (Guaynabo). A group of students observed a triangular UFO (exact date unknown) above a nearby mountain. The craft was totally silent and had a cupola on its upper center. It flew around for a while before vanishing, and was reportedly seen by other witnesses. (source: Flying Saucer Review, vol. 44, no. 3, 1999)


6-15-77 – Canada (Penticton). A man and his friend were standing outside in when they observed a delta-winged (triangular-shaped) object traveling from north to south at a high rate of speed around 11:10 p.m. They observed it for about 15 seconds before it disappeared. They reported that the object made no sound as it flew over the city at an altitude of about 2,000 ft. The object had lights on all three tips. (source: Penticton Herald, June 16, 1977)


February 1982 - United States (Vermont). A woman was driving home around 9 p.m. in mid February when she saw a light in the sky. As it approached, she was able to discern it was triangular in shape. As she pulled into her driveway, she was startled to see the object hovering in her back yard, about 25 ft away. She was startled even further as it moved directly over her head, making absolutely no sound. She added that it was much bigger than she initially thought. She said it was “maybe as big as a football field.” The object then moved away noiselessly. (source: APRO Bulletin, vol.31, no. 7, 1983)


3-28-84 – United States (New Hampshire). A triangular-shaped object reportedly passed over a car in West Nottingham at an altitude of about 50 ft around 8 p.m. in New Hampshire. The object had two bright lights like car headlights and gave off no sound. (source: APRO Bulletin, vol. 32, no. 3, 1984)


7. Slow speed


3-16-78 – United States (California). Multiple witnesses observed a brightly lit, low flying UFO over South San Luis Obispo County. Two town mayors, and officers of the local sheriff’s department were witnesses to the event. Most witnesses agree that the craft was slow-moving, appeared to hover and approached quietly. One mayor commented that “It appeared to me to be less than a mile up and moving very slowly. I don’t think it was going more than 100 miles an hour and appeared to be of a triangular configuration, the way it was lighted. I’ve never seen an aircraft of that size move so slowly.” (source: Times, Mar. 17, 1978, Santa Maria, CA)


7-26-94 – United States (Pennsylvania). Numerous persons spotted a triangular object over Steelton, PA at about 11 p.m. The object – traveling at an estimated 15 mph – had a dark body or fuselage with lights underneath and white “headlights” in front. (source: Patriot News, July 28, 1994, Harrisburg, PA)


10-11-94 – England (near Brindley Ford). A newspaper photographer was called out to cover a local incident and was driving along the A527 when he noticed an object in the sky around 9:30 p.m. As the object drew nearer, he was able to make out a triangular shape between 20-30 meters wide. He saw a row of red lights along the bottom edge and other red and yellow lights were visible. The speed was estimated at only 30-60 mph and it was only 400-500 ft away. No sound was heard. It was last seen “gliding” over the village of Brindley Ford. (source: The Flying Triangle Mystery, Fowler, 1996)


8. Low-altitude flight


11-19-85 – United States (Wisconsin). At 11 p.m., a woman was driving…on Milwaukee Street. She noticed a group of three lights that she first thought were helicopter lights. They reportedly came within 10 ft of the road. Thinking it was about to crash, she pulled her car over to the side of the road making sure not to take her eyes off of them. The row of lights made a “sharp and graceful 90 degree turn.” It was now in front of her car. She continues by saying “Ascending straight up, several feet in front of my car, the craft avoids hitting the power lines.” As the object rose, the streetlight illuminated it. It was solid and triangular in appearance. No wings, propellers nor engines were visible, and whatever it was, it moved in silence. It swept north, hovering 12 to 15 ft above a house.

The article states that three days later, about 5 p.m. on Nov. 22nd, a state employee was driving on Highway CV…when he saw three similar lights in the sky. They were hovering 20 to 30 ft above a farmhouse. It was roughly triangular with a sloping bottom, and moved silently. (source: Madison, Oct. 1992, Madison, WI)


12-31-94 – Scotland. At 9:20 p.m. on New Year’s Eve a man was enjoying a cigar in his backyard waiting for his wife to return home. Suddenly a trio of dull orange lights appeared. Once he had focused on these lights, he realized that they were on the points of a triangular-shaped craft that passed directly overhead. This craft was either black or dark gray in color and was obviously solid as the stars were blotted out as it went by. The only noise to be heard was a rushing air type sound. It was in full view for around 7 to 10 seconds. A rough guess as to its altitude would be around 500 to 700 ft up. (source: Evening Express, Jan. 20, 1995, Aberdeen, Scotland)


9. Sharp turns at high speed


1965 – Sweden (Bienne). Three young men reportedly observed a triangular UFO as reported in the Swiss newspaper, Pour Tous, no. 35 of August 24, 1965. The witnesses described the object “as a triangle with a luminous point (of light) at each of its angles.” Although no date is given for the sighting, the article states that they observed this object that was tilted slightly and moving very fast from north to south along the Jura Mountains. The height of the object was comparable to the middle part of the mountains. They had the impression that the object skimmed the rooftops of the houses in the Beaumont sector of the town. Suddenly, it stopped, between Bienne and Vigneule, at the same time changing color from yellow to dark red. In a fraction of a second after stopping, it made a 180 degree turn. “Then it took off again like lightning towards the east, which involved a 90 degree change of course, and then it vanished suddenly. (source: Flying Saucer Review, vol. 12, no. 1, 1966)


10-2-71 – United States (Michigan). A 29-year-old ex-Air Force man was driving from Caro to Watrousville around 6:30 a.m. and spotted a triangular shaped UFO with a large white light at the bottom and many smaller red lights around it. The object emitted no sound and made sharp turns at “fantastic” speed. When the observer moved in direct line with the object it moved quickly out of sight. (source: UFO Investigator, Dec. 1971, NICAP)


3-30-90 – Belgium. Two F-16 jet aircraft were dispatched at 00:05 hours to try to identify a UFO that had been tracked by four separate NATO radar tracking stations and observed by no less than 18 gendarmes from various locales. The F-16s were able to lock-on with their on-board radar systems, but each time this was achieved, the UFO would rapidly accelerate and make radical evasive maneuvers at these high velocities.

One example of this behavior can be seen when reviewing the radar recordings. These were graciously shown to the public during a press conference moderated by Colonel De Brouwer of the Belgian Air Force. It shows the UFO initially at 7,000 ft and moving at 150 knots. After the radar lock-on, it climbed to 10,000 ft at 570 knots and then descended to 500 ft in five seconds at 990 knots. No sonic boom was noted despite the recorded speeds being in excess of the sound barrier. (source: Flying Saucer Review, vol. 35, no. 4, 1990)


10. Rapid acceleration


1965 – Sweden (Lulea). Two witnesses observed a triangular UFO as reported in the Swiss newspaper, Aftonbladet, dated Nov. 6, 1965. Although no date is given for the sighting, it reportedly occurred over the Lulea archipelego. The object was the shape of a triangle with very bright points (of light) and it moved backwards and forwards in the sky for 20 minutes. Upon stopping, it then disappeared silently at great speed in a westerly direction. (source: Flying Saucer Review, vol. 12, no. 1, 1966)


1-20-68 – Brazil (Brazilia). Two police deputies reported that they observed a triangular-shaped UFO 15 kilometers outside of Brazilia while they were driving in their car. The deputies stopped and exited their car to observe this object. They witnessed it hover for five minutes. The time of the incident was 6pm. It stayed in one position for about four minutes, then accelerated suddenly and sped toward Goiania. (source: APRO Bulletin, Jan.-Feb., 1968)


5-10-77 – United States (Georgia). Two witnesses observed a UFO in the pre-dawn sky around 5:10 a.m. It seemed to be circling slowly over the area. On the bottom was a circle of foggy light surrounding a triangle of intense light. It stopped at one point and hovered about 1,000 ft off the ground. The body was described as grayish-silver with three creamy yellow lights. The UFO hovered for about one minute and then darted off toward Atlanta at a tremendous rate of speed. (source: News-Tribune, May 10, 1977)


6-10-82 – United States (New Hampshire). Three witnesses saw a wedge-shaped UFO with bright white lights and smaller blue-green-red body lights hovering about 50 feet over a reservoir in Madbury. The lights reflected off the water’s surface. The time was 10:30 p.m. The object moved away as the witnesses tried to drive to a better viewing location. It seemed to move from one location to another almost instantaneously. The witnesses saw it again hovering over a house with a wobbling or oscillatory motion. A red light beam shone down on the house and then on the car. After a while the object approached the car from behind and passed over it about 30 feet above the ground. (source: The UFO Evidence, Volume II, Hall)


SECONDARY


11. Associated sounds


7-22-66 – England (Radnorshire). A man, his son, and a neighbor observed a UFO to the east around 9 p.m. near the town of Llandrindod Wells over Penybont Common. It could be very clearly seen hovering for perhaps 30 to 40 seconds. “The shape of the object was that of an isosceles triangle or low cone, and it was like highly polished silver shining brilliantly…The farmer (neighbor) said he heard no sound, but both my wife and I heard a low humming whilst the object was almost overhead.” (source: Flying Saucer Review, vol. 12, no. 6, 1966)


3-28-73 – United States (Rhode Island). At approximately 7 p.m., two girls saw an object with a rough triangular shape hovering over the trees on Stony Lane in Exeter. The object glowed with brilliant white lights. It had smaller green and red lights at the points of the triangle. The object was up about 200 feet and made a slight buzzing sound as it moved away. (source: APRO Bulletin, May-June 1973)


4-15-81 – United States (Vermont). Two female coworkers were driving home from work together around 7:30 p.m. near Windsor when they noticed two bright lights off in the distance. As the lights came closer, a triangular-shaped object became evident with more lights on the underside of the apparently metallic craft. It moved slowly above the witnesses with a heavy humming sound. Red lights on the sides of the object became visible as well as yellow and bluish lights filling in underneath. (source: APRO Bulletin, vol. 29, no. 8, 1981)


12. Observed with non-triangular UFOs


11-26-80 – England (near Sandringham). During a wave of UFO sightings in the area, two adults reported seeing a diamond and triangular-shaped craft hovering together over a local road. No exact time was provided. (source: News & Advertiser, 12-5-80)


7-30-81 – United States (Mississippi). At approximately 8:30 p.m., the witness and her three children were returning home in their car when they noticed an object with “very bright lights” moving back and forth across the sky. Upon their arrival, they observed the object again moving “very slowly and low” above the house. The adult witness stated the object was bigger than a jet plane, shaped like an arrowhead and appeared to be made of a metallic material “like chrome, but flat – without a glow.” Behind it, separately, was a red light traveling in tandem with the leading object. About 30 minutes later, the object returned and moved over their house heading in a westerly direction. The witness stated, “This time, there was no red light behind.” (source: APRO Bulletin, vol. 30, issue 1, 1982)


8-20-84 – United States (New York). At approximately 9:00 p.m., a Mahopac Falls woman and her daughter were returning home when they noticed a triangle-shaped UFO with an unusual “L” shaped tailpiece. They stopped their car to observe this object more carefully. It reportedly had one red light, one green light, and eight white lights. The witnesses stated the object was moving south when it suddenly made a 90 degree turn and slowly moved towards them. They then decided to resume their drive home, which was just around the corner. During this short drive, the object stayed with them in the sky. Once at home, the woman entered the house to obtain binoculars. She could clearly see a dark gray/black object that appeared to be metal. It then moved off over a neighbor’s yard and hovered. As it hovered there, another UFO came into view. It had the same coloring as the first UFO. This UFO was rectangular in shape with four bright white lights in each corner (see Belgian report of 11-29-89 below for comparison). It moved in front of the first UFO and obscured it for about five seconds. Then the second UFO vanished from sight. The first UFO continued to hover momentarily and then moved off and out of sight as well. Both UFOs were completely silent. (source: APRO Bulletin, vol. 32, issue 11, 1984)


Mahopac Falls, NY, 1984.


11-29-89 – Belgium (Eupen). A Gendarme dispatcher observed a triangular UFO from his office window. The object had been reported by other gendarmes that same evening. At 18:15 this object was seen to shoot up obliquely into the sky and disappear. This was to be replaced by a second UFO that was described as rectangular. It appeared to be at a height of 100 to 150 meters and traveling very slowly. It was estimated to be 6 to 8 meters in length with four very bright lights at each corner. The object then moved off and out of sight. (source: Flying Saucer Review, vol. 35, no. 2, 1990)


Eupen, Belgium, 1989.


10-18-98 – England (Wombourne). At 12:40 p.m. three witnesses observed a sphere in the sky which appeared to be motionless over Sandwell Valley. The sphere was in view for about twenty minutes when a metallic-looking triangular UFO also appeared. The witness said the triangle moved from side to side “in short bursts” before vanishing completely. The sphere remained in its original location but dwindled to a dark spot. The overall sighting lasted about thirty minutes. (source: Express & Star, Oct. 29, 1998, Wolverhampton, England)


13. Electromagnetic (EM) effects


November 1982 – United States (California). A man and his wife were camping when they were awakened after midnight with their bodies “responding to static electricity – every hair stood on end.” A huge object hovered above them. The object was “shaped like a manta ray” and was at least 200 feet across. It made a humming sound and slowly passed over the couple, heading to the east. (source: APRO Bulletin, vol. 31, no. 8, 1983)


November 1985 – England (Derby). At 10:30 p.m. a man was driving with a friend when they saw a dark object approaching. “The car radio started to suffer some interference. We stopped the car and we got out. The object looked black and was silhouetted against a less darker sky. It had three dull, red, steady lights set slightly in from the edges. It passed over at about 200 ft high, with no sound. I estimated it to be about 600 ft long. At one stage it bridged (extended) from the park, over the dual carriageway and over the houses. I have no idea of the depth of it, as it passed directly overhead. The air seemed heavy or charged as it passed over. It appeared to be one solid object.” (source: Omar Fowler and Phenomenon Research Association files)


11-17-92 – Japan (Tenjin, Sagashi). At about 7:10 p.m. as the witness was walking to her car, she noticed a strange light in the western part of the sky. It appeared to be moving towards her very slowly. As it came closer, she realized it was made up of three lights and as the craft passed overhead she was able to make out the shape of a triangular object. The object was very dark, but the outline was edged by a gray line. It was difficult to judge the size of the craft, but she estimated its altitude to be 80 ft from the ground. It was later discovered that while the flying triangle passed over the area, FM radio broadcasts were affected by strange noises. (source: The Flying Triangle Mystery, Fowler, 1996)


6-29-94 – England (Derby). At approximately 1:20 a.m., a man was driving home in his van. His journey took him past the Rolls-Royce Aero Engine Co. On one side of the road there is a series of buildings and on the other there is open countryside with a series of electrical pylons carrying lines to the test facility. As the man was driving along, his van’s headlights suddenly went out and, almost at the same time, he noticed a series of lights hovering over a nearby field. He pulled over and peered out of the window. There was a formation of three bright white lights hovering over a nearby power line pylon. He was able to make out the shape of a triangular object. As he watched it, it slowly began to move away. He turned his van around to follow the object, but it was now out-of-sight. Suddenly, his headlights came back on again. (source: The Flying Triangle Mystery, Fowler, 1996)


14. Multiple triangular UFOs


7-24-49 – United States (Idaho). A pilot flying a Piper Clipper from Ogden, Utah en route to Nampa, Idaho at 10,000 ft sighted seven delta-shaped objects at approximately 1:03 p.m. They were estimated to be moving between 450 to 550 mph. They appeared to have 35 to 55 ft wingspans, be 20 to 30 ft in length, and 2 to 5 ft in thickness. They were light colored except for a 12 ft diameter dark circular area near the rear central portion of each object. The objects were reported to fly in a perfect and tight formation. There were two rows of three objects lined abreast. The seventh object was to the rear and slightly higher than the rest. The sighting, which lasted 1 to 2 minutes, occurred approximately 10 miles from Mt. Home, Idaho. (source: Project Blue Book)


7-24-52 – United States (Nevada). Two USAF colonels (both command pilots) saw three triangular objects in a tight “V” formation approach their B-25 at the one o’clock position and bank past less than 1000 yards away at an estimated speed of over 1000 mph. The sighting occurred near Carson Sink. An official investigation showed no aircraft, balloons, or other devices were in the area. (source: Project Blue Book)


5-27-62 – United States (Alaska). Two triangular UFOs were observed diving and climbing near Palmer. (source: Project Blue Book)


3-25-66 – Canada (British Columbia). Two triangular objects were seen over the Saanich Inlet, near Victoria. Three observers watched as these objects hovered about 30-40 ft above the water. The objects reportedly were motionless for about two minutes and then moved off “slowly and gracefully.” They made no sound. Six days later, another triangular UFO sighting occurred in the same general area involving multiple eyewitnesses. (source: Flying Saucer Review, vol. 12, no. 6, 1966)


12-12-83 – United States (Illinois). Three witnesses were driving around 6:30 p.m. near Byron when they sighted what they thought was a falling star. However, the “star” stopped falling and leveled off at the treetops. The object moved “very fast and spastic” and, at one point, almost collided with another similar object. The objects were described as triangular in shape, making no sound, and having blinking red and white lights. (source: APRO Bulletin, vol. 32, no. 6, 1984)


15. Colored (glowing) underside


4-9-58 – New Zealand (Nelson). A large triangular object, bright red in color with white lights around its perimeter, was sighted by four residents. (source: Flying Saucer Review, July-August 1958)


10-7-64 – England (Dulwich). The witness stated, “The object my wife and I saw was very bright and blood red, it was practically over our heads in the zenith, it was a perfect triangle and we watched it for at least 10 minutes.” (source: Flying Saucer Review, Jan.-Feb. 1965)


8-12-96 – United States (Illinois). The witness was lying on his back outside on his patio in Smithton, IL. While looking skyward to observe the Perseid meteor shower, he observed a faint, dull red glowing triangular craft at approximately 9:40 p.m. He stated “It seemed to appear out of thin air from the south, flew due north over the sky above my house, and then vanished.” The object appeared to be flying at a high altitude and was observed for ten seconds. (source: Author’s personal interview notes with witness)


1-22-81 – United States (Georgia). A large number of witnesses observed an object swiftly descending just above the treetops just southeast of Jesup. It had visible lights on it (that were) so strong the whole thing was illuminated and it was almost as bright as the sun – a very brilliant red. It was triangular or horseshoe-shaped and appeared to be quite large. It was only observed for a few seconds before it disappeared behind the trees. (source: Press Sentinel, Jesup, Georgia, Jan. 31, 1981)


1-8-53 – New Zealand (Mosgiel). At 10:20 p.m. a triangular object with a brilliant reddish glow, which faded, then re-appeared with a rising and falling motion, and accompanied by a small white light was sighted for ten minutes. (source: Flying Saucer News, Spring 1953)


16. Erratic movement


1978 (exact date unknown) – England (Fleet). A man observed a triangular UFO while riding his motorcycle down Albany Road around 11:05 p.m. He stopped his bike and watched the object for a good 30 seconds. He said, “It was very high in the sky – much higher than a plane. It had a very sharp white light coming out of it. It was triangular in shape and moved in a triangular pattern. It was very erratic going backwards and forwards. That’s why I am sure it was not an aircraft. (source: Aldershot News, Sept. 1, 1978)


12-31-79 – United States (Alabama). A family from Demopolis witnessed a large triangular UFO around 4 a.m. near their home. The sound of barking dogs caused one family member to awaken and look outside. When he rose to quiet the dogs, he saw a “very large and bright object hovering over the trees about 600 yards from the house.” He also said “the dogs and cows were really making a lot of noise. Whatever it was really had them upset because they never make that much noise.” The object was described as about the size of a small house and triangular in shape. They stated, “As it came towards the house, it moved in a zig-zag pattern.” (source: Times, Jan. 4, 1979, Demopolis, Alabama)


1980-81(exact dates unknown) – United States (Pennsylvania). Residents of Mount Union in recent weeks have sighted some very strange unidentified flying objects in recent weeks – called UFOs by some…Some people of that area have seen the UFOs as often as five times. The glowing object, which flies rapidly and is described as triangle shaped, makes no noise but moves quickly back and forth and up and down. Those seeing it have become quite excited and even the Mount Union police no longer believe it is a prank. (source: Broad Top Bulletin, Jan. 21, 1981, Saxton, Pennsylvania)


10-9-99 – United States (Florida). Two witnesses observed a strangely configured craft over Fort Pickens State Park. The object was at an estimated 200 ft altitude and a quarter of a mile distant. The UFO was traveling west over the Gulf of Mexico in a zigzag fashion at approximately 7:57 p.m. The craft flew slowly at an estimated100-300 knots sliding south and back to north in a continuing forward motion. The craft moved in a Z-pattern, erratic with no sound. It seemed to be suspended in flight at various positions. The witnesses are an ex-USAF security policeman and a retired US Army helicopter pilot who is presently a city police officer. (source: Flying Saucer Review, vol. 45, no. 3, 2000)


17. Blunt-end-forward movement


10-4-63 – United States (Connecticut). A State Congressman saw a delta-shaped UFO leaving a flare-like trail about 1 p.m. A row of black markings was visible along the blunt forward edge as the object passed from south to north. He estimated the object’s speed at 2,000 mph. “The sky was powder blue and the object was silvery and the details of it were extremely sharp.” (source: UFO Investigator, Dec.-Jan. 63-64, NICAP)


9-16-64 – England (Little Hulton). A 19-year-old witness and his friends observed a noiseless, pearly-white, triangular object around 6:55 p.m. It traveled in a northerly direction. The object moved in such a way that the “base” of the triangle was the leading edge with the apex trailing. (source: Flying Saucer Review, vol. 10, no. 6, 1964)


6-29-72 – United States (South Dakota). A triangular UFO was sighted at about 10 p.m. over Buffalo. As the object passed directly overhead at a slow speed, it appeared to be about a hundred feet long with two brilliant white lights at the front and two more widely spaced, brilliant orange-white lights in the rear. It had the shadowed shape of a wedge, the blunt end at the front and tapered at the rear. Viewers estimated the UFO’s altitude from 200 to 500 feet. (source: The New UFO Sightings, McWane & Graham, 1974)


September 1975 – United States (Minnesota). Three women were returning home from a wedding shower in two separate vehicles when they observed a UFO in the sky. One witness stated, “It looked at first like a tower with blinking lights, and it was a little over the trees. As we got closer to it, it got closer to us. We pulled over to the side of the road. It was bigger than a van. It was triangular-shaped but with the wide part coming towards us. It made no noise at all. It was like it was floating. All I remember is it was moving really, really slow and it had different colored lights on it.” (source: Biwabik, Minnesota Times, Aug. 3, 1978)


1-31-78 – United States (New Jersey). A woman was outside her home in Vineland around 11 p.m. She happened to look up and saw an object above the trees. “It was not as low flying as a small airplane, but it was lower than most airplanes. It was a triangle with the point at the back and a lot of red and white lights, more than planes usually have. Besides, you can usually tell the humming sound of a plane.” The witness added that there was no sound evident. (source: Atlantic City Press, Feb. 3, 1978)


18. Detachable lights / objects


11-29-89 – Belgium (Kortenbach). Two gendarmes from the town of Eupen observed a hovering triangle with three large white lights and a pulsing red light in the center. One gendarme stated, “On each side of the object there was a kind of laser beam (emitted towards the ground) and a (red) ball (of light) that was leaving the object and coming back (and forth) as if the ball was trying to measure something.” (source: Unsolved Mysteries interview, episode Belgian UFO)


11-29-89 – Belgium (Henri-Chapelle). A short time later that evening, two other gendarmes from the town of La Calamine observed a similar, if not the same, object as previously referenced. They saw a red ball (of light) detach itself from the triangular craft, descend, then shoot up at a right-angle, and depart horizontally. (source: Flying Saucer Review, vol. 35, issue 2, June 1990)


8-23-94 – United States (suburb of St. Louis, Missouri). A delivery man observed an unusual object low in the sky over a business district west of downtown St. Louis. The sighting occurred at 5:40 a.m. and was witnessed by a number of other witnesses. The large object, described as triangular or V-shaped, had strobe lights emerge both above and below it. These lights also shone continuous beams of light against the main object while hovering and in flight. This was observed for a time before the object and attendant lights disappeared behind some local buildings to the south where it could no longer be witnessed. (source: Author’s personal interview notes with witness)


Near St. Louis, Missouri, 1994.


19. Shape-shifting


10-8-78 – North Wales (near Penysarn). A motorist observed an orange light around 10:40 p.m. while driving. The light appeared relatively high in the sky and passed over his vehicle. He then noticed the light hovering to the southwest. He contacted friends in the area and they too observed this light from a separate location. They observed the object appear to increase in size, until it appeared to be the size of a matchbox held at arm’s length. The object maintained its position in the sky now at an estimated 200 feet altitude. No sound was evident. The initial witness stated “It looked like two saucers joined at the rims by a black band. It appeared to move slowly towards us…As it did that, it started to change shape. It took on the form of a triangle…It was orange hued like street lamps, and although I could make out a definite shape, it had an orange glow around it. It moved away from us and then shot off at a fast speed.” The other witnesses also noted this change in shape take place. (source: Flying Saucer Review, Jan-Feb 1979)


9-11-95 – England (Darenth). A man witnessed a small yellow light in the sky while looking out of his kitchen window. The light was at an estimated 1,000 feet altitude and one mile distant. After about ten seconds, the light was seen to slowly change into a triangular shape. After a time, the object was seen to disappear over Essex. (source: Informer, Sept. 28, 1995)


12-26-00 – England (Essex). While driving home, a couple sighted a “silent, huge, white triangular shaped object seemingly changing its shape” in the sky. Upon arriving home, they saw the object again. The object then emitted five beams of light as though looking for something according to the two witnesses. (source: Halstead Gazette, Jan. 12, 2001)


20. Super-structure observed


4-15-81 – United States (Vermont). Two women from Windsor saw an object for more than five minutes after they walked out of a grocery store in their hometown. One witness stated, “I noticed one star that seemed to be moving and kept coming right at us.” She said the sighting came at 7:23 p.m. The object reportedly flew right over their heads. “It was an enormous craft, shaped like a triangle, with a grid system in between, and lights outlining the structure.” (source: White Plains, New York Today, April 17, 1981)


11-22-85 – United States (Wisconsin). A State employee observed a black “flying triangle” gliding slowly over Highway CV, some 15 miles NW of Madison. The object was approximately 40 feet across and 90 feet in length. The underside of the craft resembled “the back of a refrigerator – like a collection of condensation pipes that ran back and forth.” After silently gliding over the witness’ vehicle, the flying triangle accelerated away at tremendous speed. (source: UFO Magazine - U.K. edition - now defunct)


10-23-93 – England (Derbyshire). Two witnesses were traveling in a car near Longford at 9:30 p.m. They noticed a bright light in the sky. Within a split-second a “flying triangle” appeared right next to them. A structure of some kind was visible underneath and the craft was observed for approximately ten minutes. (source: The Flying Triangle Mystery, Fowler, 1996)


===========================================================================
Chapter 8: Aerospace Experts


In August 1989, Chris Gibson was working on an oil rig located in the North Sea. His attention was drawn to a most unusual sight that day. He looked up to see a dark triangular craft in the middle of an apparent mid-air refueling operation. It was situated immediately behind a KC-135 tanker plane and had two F-111 bombers flying alongside it. This spectacle, though high in the sky, was very clear against the white clouds in the area.

Gibson knew exactly what types of aircraft were escorting this triangular object. He should know, since he was a trained member of the Royal Observer Corps (now defunct). Gibson was trained on how to identify any known aircraft, but the triangle was a definite unknown. It wasn’t until 1992 when he saw a magazine illustration of a hypersonic aircraft design that he made a connection. It was at this point, he suspected the object seen was a new top secret aircraft called Aurora.

Gibson’s sighting was reported in various newspapers and was also profiled in the March 1993 issue of Popular Science. The article referred to Aurora as possibly being an operational spy plane to replace the Lockheed SR-71 Blackbird which was officially retired in February 1990.

Shortly after that, the article stated that sonic booms began rattling southern California. It added, “Officials at the United States Geological Survey, the agency that monitors earthquake activity, no doubt irked the military with their public statements that a very fast, high-flying aircraft was causing the ‘airquakes’ registering on their array of seismographs.”

One particular incident involved an unidentified aircraft which traveled across southern California at an estimated Mach 3.1 on January 30th, 1992. Of particular note was that this sonic boom’s signature differed to those created by the SR-71 or NASA’s space shuttle. The recordings plotted a flight path heading towards southern Nevada. Suggestions were made that it might have been heading towards the mysterious Air Force test facility at Groom Lake that has a six-mile long runway.

Imbedded in the Popular Science article was a separate article entitled “Flying in the Government’s Black World.” Written by aviation experts, Bill Sweetman and Stuart Brown, it provided an overview of secret aircraft programs which might include Aurora. They referenced a 1992 report titled “Mystery Aircraft” written by the Washington D.C.-based Federation of Scientists (FAS). The report concluded that two or more secret airplanes are possible. The report is quoted as saying “It is probable that at least one high-altitude experimental air vehicle is currently undergoing flight tests.” It further stated this craft may have achieved operational status.


Concept drawing of Aurora from Motorbooks International Mil-Tech Series, AURORA: The Pentagon’s Secret Hypersonic Spyplane, by Bill Sweetman.


Going into further detail, the report added this craft could be manned or unmanned. Speculation was that this could have been a Mach-4 to Mach-6 Aurora-type craft or a Mach-8 “exotic propulsion aircraft” utilizing a pulse-detonation or external combustion technology. In either case, these are combustion technologies that create sound when in operation. Despite high-speeds and purported triangular bodies, could these explain what witnesses have described in recent years as “triangular UFOs”? Indeed, the triangular shape described by Chris Gibson is a familiar one to us after having reviewed a multitude of cases. The high speed velocities as well are very reminiscent of some of these UFO reports.

In contrast, the reports we reviewed thus far have involved triangular platforms that in the majority of cases make no sound. In cases where sound is noted, it is usually very faint. Further still, the cases we have examined involve the triangular objects hovering; moving slowly; and quickly approaching to and departing from a stationary position. The sighting reports reviewed also do not reference any type of vertical stabilizers being evident on the objects. Finally, despite the estimated supersonic speeds and those measured on radar, the UFOs we have examined do not generate sonic booms. Is it possible we are dealing with two different groups of triangular craft operating in our skies (i.e., one that is manmade and another that is of unknown origin)?

Chris Gibson’s North Sea sighting was confirmation for many who had suspected the United States was conducting test flights of advanced aircraft resembling a triangle. As previously reviewed, the 1988 UFO sightings in the Midlands of England made some aviation and UFO researchers speculate these were caused by stealth aircraft. Due to the knowledge we now have 25 years later concerning both the F-117A Stealth Fighter and B-2 Stealth Bomber, we can rule these out as viable explanations. Simply put, these aircraft make noise and are unable to hover.

Evidence of this is apparent when we examine reports of UFO sightings over California that same year. The Fresno Bee edition dated October 28th, 1988 ran an article entitled “Unidentified object steals across valley sky.” The article describes sightings by residents of the San Joaquin Valley in central California involving objects and lights in the sky. Speculation was split between genuine UFOs and military test aircraft.

The military explanation was bolstered by the fact that the Northrop Corporation was known to be building the Stealth Bomber in Palmdale, California. The article stated the Air Force acknowledged this aircraft would be unveiled on November 22nd of that year. In addition, an aspect of these sightings involved the sound of engines. One witness from North Fork is quoted as saying “I was amazed – and somewhat frightened. When I realized whatever this thing was was moving away, it didn’t bother me. But when it was coming back, I felt it had to be something that our government was doing. It was definitely a motor sound – nothing eerie like something from another world, although I still think that’s possible.” None of the witnesses mentioned hovering behaviors in the article.

Less than one month after this article in California, the Southend Evening Echo out of Essex, England ran a story on November 18th entitled “Is this top secret bomber the UFO you saw?” The article posed the question “Is this similar to the mysterious triangular object that dozens of people have seen over South East Essex?” It included an artistic rendition of the suspected Stealth Bomber which was inaccurate based on what we now know of the aircraft. The graphic provided displayed a triangular shape with straight rear end, as opposed to the characteristic segmented bat-wing appearance.


Underside view of B-2 Stealth Bomber.


Another British news article appeared the following year. The December 15th, 1989 edition of the Staffordshire Newsletter interviewed UFO author, Tim Good. The article’s title said it all – “Staffordshire UFO’s not consistent with aircraft says author.” The article discussed the spate of UFO sightings throughout England. It went on to state there was a high frequency of sightings in Yorkshire, Derbyshire, Staffordshire, and the West Midlands area. Some of these we recounted in our historical review.

Good was quoted as saying “In the case of the Staffordshire sightings, the design of the Stealth Bomber just is not similar to the reports of triangular UFOs which have been seen.” He continued by adding “Besides that, I would question the intelligence of flying a top secret aircraft over a highly populated area.” This was a sentiment I expressed when asked about the January 5th, 2000 triangle over Illinois.

You might assume this is what UFO investigators would say in reference to these sightings. However a similar thought was shared by the late UFO skeptic, Philip J. Klass when asked about the triangular UFOs being seen over Belgium and Hudson Valley. In the November 29th edition of the Tribune out of New York, New York, the “Science Frontiers” section written by veteran UFO investigator, Antonio Huneeus, ran a story titled “Debunker Scoffs at Belgian UFO Flap and Secret Weapon Theory.”

Klass is questioned as to whether he believes the two waves of UFO sightings could have been caused by top secret military aircraft. He replied “in my opinion the answer is absolutely not.” Klass continued “If there were [sic] a secret airplane, for goodness’ sake, the last place in the world you’d want to fly it is in Duchess [sic] County (New York), where people have been alerted to look for objects.”

This position was also echoed by Captain Jay DeFrank of the U.S. Air Force Strategic Unit when asked about triangular-shaped UFOs over Wythe County in the State of Virginia in 1988. DeFrank was quoted in the Richmond Times-Dispatch of April, 28th that year stating “…common sense would tell you we wouldn’t fly a [secret] aircraft in an area where the public could see it.”

I would also add that it would be counter-productive to light the top secret aircraft up like Christmas trees, as reports suggest in many cases. If they were operating in these populated areas, which I personally question, these aircraft would fly with little or no lighting. There is a reason they are called “stealth” beyond just their radar evasiveness.

Despite the B-2 Stealth Bomber being fairly large with a wingspan of 172 feet and length of 69 feet, this is dwarfed by accounts of triangular craft estimated to be 200 to 300 feet per side. Further still, claims that attribute triangular UFO reports to F-117A Stealth Fighters are even more ludicrous. These planes, that in reality are not fighters but ground-attack aircraft, have a wingspan that measures a mere 43 feet 4 inches and length of 65 feet 11 inches. It stretches the imagination that such an aircraft would be misidentified as a triangular UFO of the size described.


Underside view of F-117A Stealth Fighter.


However, as triangular UFOs were being attributed to Stealth Bombers in Virginia in 1988, we had UFOs over the Midlands in England being attributed to Stealth Fighters as discussed previously in Chapter 5. It should be noted that at the time not much was known of this aircraft. In fact, for years it was erroneously referred to as the “F-19.” Speculation ran rampant about this radical new aircraft. Beyond the error in its assumed name designation, imaginations ran wild with regard to its proposed shape. This ultimately led to the development of toy models created by the Testors model company in 1986; Monogram model company in 1987; and Revell model company in 1988. Ultimately, it was shown that none of these models bore resemblance to the actual aircraft, once the Stealth Fighter was unveiled to the public in November of 1988.

Beyond the aspects of shape and design, there are the flight characteristics or limitations of this aircraft. Namely, the F-117A does not hover and is not silent. These aspects cannot be overemphasized despite numerous claims in the late 1980s to the contrary. With the passage of time and the knowledge we now possess in relation to these aircraft, we can dismiss these explanations outright. The question then remains: What were these people witnessing?

For better insights in this area, I felt compelled to reach out to aviation experts to provide their insights into the history of triangular or delta-wing aircraft design and various propulsion technologies. Their expertise would hopefully provide better insights into the capabilities of today’s cutting-edge aircraft designs as well as those of recent years. This knowledge would provide important parallels in examining these triangular UFO reports. As I had stated during my investigation into the January 5th, 2000 Illinois case, the military explanation was much more practical than these craft being of non-terrestrial origin.

During the course of corresponding with various aviation experts and discussing my research, I was steered in the direction of a Professor John E. Allen. Allen is a leader in his field with an impressive resume that he will allude to. At the age of 92 years old, he is a sharp, affable, and engaging individual with a pleasant humility and self deprecating sense of humor.

Professor Allen was Chief of Future Projects for British Aerospace (now BAE Systems). After retirement, he served as Visiting Professor of Aerodynamics at Kingston University. He was an Engineering Consultant for the BAE Systems’ Project Greenglow that investigated the concept of gravitational propulsion.

He has been a direct witness to the evolution of aerodynamics over the last 70 years having a multi-faceted career in this field of research. His knowledge and expertise in the field is a well-recognized fact. He is no stranger to delta-form aircraft like the Avro 707 or Avro Vulcan (a.k.a. the Hawker Siddeley Vulcan). I found him to be the perfect aviation expert to discuss the subject of triangular UFOs given his extensive knowledge of aircraft development over the last several decades in addition to his concepts for future propulsion technologies.

As you will see in the subsequent interview recorded on April 14th, 2013, Professor Allen is a classic scientist who explores facts even as they applied to his “what-if” study that explored advanced propulsion systems. He is skeptical of UFO reports given the nature of eyewitness testimony, but concedes there may be a genuine phenomenon behind some of the reports. In fact, he will relay details of the radar tracking of an apparent genuine UFO in the late 1950s by Jodrell Bank Observatory in England.

One of many research papers he drafted was entitled: “Quest for a novel force: a possible revolution in aerospace.” This was published in Progress in Aerospace Sciences 39 (2003) 1-60 and is available online at www.sciencedirect.com. The article’s abstract states “The primary task is to design radically new aeronautical systems based on new physical principles.” Allen begins the interview by describing this work:


ALLEN: I took the view that I wanted to design something which I did not have the physics of it, you see, and so I did a what-if study. What would happen to the design possibilities if I had a new kind of force and a new kind of propulsion. Anyway, it had a lot of numbers in it and reflected my general attitude to all these things and was quite clearly a lot of very different points of view.

MARLER: Can you give me the back story on Project Greenglow? You described that you were approached by British Aerospace, correct?

ALLEN: Yes. I was well-known to British Aerospace as I’d held several very key jobs as chief engineer on various projects, and I was fairly well-known around the industry and the various societies. And I went to give a lecture to the headquarters branch up at Warton, which is where Dr. Ron Evans worked. (Dr. Evans was Project Leader for Greenglow).

MARLER: Yes.

ALLEN: And I gave them a lecture about the long-term future of aeronautics and afterwards had a lunch, and they said to me, “Would you like to do a study for us?” I said, “Yeah, I’d be happy to do anything. I like studying whatever’s new.” And so I said, “What do you want to do?” And they said, “Well, we wanted you to review and report on the prospects for the changes in aeronautical design in military aircraft of the availability of an antigravity drive.” In other words, should a competitor hit this on the jackpot, what sort of improved performance is one to expect, you see?

MARLER: Yes.

ALLEN: I said, “Well, yes, that’s very exciting. What is this antigravity drive?” So they said, “We don’t know,” which left me a little bit distraught, my legs shot off from underneath me, you know. But I ruminated on it for a few hours and I thought, “Well, if that’s what they’re up to, I’ll have to invent what somebody might have done elsewhere, but I’ve got to have all the forces and I’ve gotta have all the controlling moments of the right magnitude.”

MARLER: Yes.

ALLEN: At least, I can get that right because I am an expert in doing that anyway.

MARLER: Yes.

ALLEN: And let’s see what comes after that, you see? So I did it for military aircraft and I realized it was going to be fairly significant, but it was more impact for space flight, and I looked at that design: moon craft, space touring craft. You know, it’s all in the article. And then I thought, “What would it do for terrestrial transport?”

MARLER: Yes. Project Greenglow began in 1997, correct?

ALLEN: Something like that, yes. There’d been a previous one because I think Ron Evans had got wind of a guidance system which depended on detected changes in the in the gravity field. And this was discovered in the ‘80s. But it then focused on trying to get some new physics and applying it to produce forces, and they had some experiments done in the wind tunnel with some metal models and they put some electricity in it and the leading edges glowed in a green color. That’s where the word “Greenglow” comes from.

There was a lot of parallel work going on in the United States at the time, a chap called (Marc) Millis I think from NASA, and he was doing some gravity gradient work for propulsion. And so the difference was that the American one was purely dealing with spacecraft applications.

MARLER: Okay.

ALLEN: But our one, the one I worked on, I changed it to deal also with aeronautical devices in the atmosphere and also, as I said, applied it to terrestrial devices as well. Yeah, we had a wider sort of field for exploration, but the Americans were purely on space flight at the time and that was their advanced propulsion system work.

MARLER: And I think it’s important -- I’m glad you made the point -- that the United States was already engaged in research as well in this area, and I think for most readers, keep in mind that, obviously, the average reader of this book is not going to be familiar with the information within aerospace circles.

ALLEN: No, that’s right.

MARLER: And so when someone -- I think when the reader hears of antigravity propulsion, to the average layperson, this sounds like the stuff of science fiction; but, to your point, there has been research -- a history of research -- in this area for many, many years.

ALLEN: Yes. There was quite a lot published about 1960 from the United States Gravity Research Foundation. They used to give an award for the best paper every year. I have to just unscramble the definition of antigravity. Because if you have something which opposes gravity, it doesn’t give you full control over the vehicle because how do you make it go sideways?

MARLER: Exactly.

ALLEN: You see? So I never thought that was particularly sensible, and I found that -- again, I keep going back to history, but this is very important to realize where the ideas came from and how long ago they came -- and there was a guy called Dr. Thurston in England. He was the first person who set up an aeronautical engineering course at university in 1908. And he did an investigation -- or he was asked by the government after the first World War -- to produce a paper of possibilities in the development in aeronautics which ought to be understood by the government so they could fund what they felt was sensible. And this chap wrote this paper and he spoke about the developments of retractable undercarriages. And he also spoke about Britain being able to recover oil from its own territory. (He was) very foresighted. He also spoke about atomic power and he also referred to a novel means of propulsion which he called “autogravity”-not antigravity. And he called it autogravity and this was distinctly different, but he was dealing with the applications of way-out, speculative science and the relation to aeronautics.

MARLER: And this was right after World War I, you said?

ALLEN: Yeah, that’s right. And I’ve got his papers and it’s quite well-known.

MARLER: Okay.

ALLEN: So when it came to the point, I didn’t call it anti-gravity, certainly. Auto-gravity, I acknowledged this and I called mine “mass dynamic flight,” you see.

MARLER: Yes.

ALLEN: -- because you get hydrodynamics, aerodynamics, so I called it “mass dynamics” you see. That means that doesn’t beg the question of its antigravity; it’s more general, you see. So I have called my thing -- it’s now generally recognized that it’s called -- the mass dynamic process, you see.

MARLER: Yes, I’m looking over the paper as we speak. And it was interesting; did you ever understand where the British Aerospace developed the idea to pursue this? Did you have any insight into why they decided to task you with the job of developing this, or were they just really looking at any and all applications that could be used from a military standpoint?

ALLEN: Well, I suppose it’s because I had an incredible, varied career.

I first started at Farnborough in 1941 and doing developments of research on new fighter aircraft after the Battle of Britain. I then did 600 test flights on seaplanes. And then I went on to the atom bomb. I worked on that at Farnborough and we did trials, we dropped them from aircraft, and so on. And then I was recruited into the Avro Company in Manchester in Lancashire. And I was one of the seven people who set up a Weapons Research Division to research, design, develop, test, and get into service rocket-propelled hydrogen bomb.

MARLER: Okay.

ALLEN: So I did very well in these jobs, but I also had written lots of papers. I’d written papers for the Aeronautical Society, which turned into a book called The Next Hundred Years in Aeronautics. So I had a reputation of safe hands and setting up teams and doing very difficult design work on these things, and it was (in the) United Kingdom only. So it was a million times more difficult because you had to set up a team of people from nothing in parallel with developing a missile. But, in the end, it all went through with a few troubles and we had 36 of our V-bombers equipped with hydrogen bombs propelled by rockets which would be air-launched from 60,000 feet and they would’ve been gone, accelerated up to Mach 3 and they were very stealthy designs and they’re very difficult to pick up by intercepting radar. I also have a 39-page book which is my CV (curriculum vitae).

MARLER: Okay.

ALLEN: So, anyway, I was well-known for not only being a proper chief engineer and looking after everything, recruiting teams of a hundred people or more, and so but I also had other things like I had published, and I’ve never been criticized as being a crank so they had a safe bet of commissioning me to do this and I, you know, made several thousands of pounds in about six years doing this work for them. I joined British Aerospace in 19 -- let me think -- at Avro, 1954. I retired in 1983. I did the work on Greenglow from 1997 ‘til 2003. But I just keep going forever. At the age of 79, I was appointed a visiting professor and the main -- well, one of the main -- jobs I did was to supervise all of last year’s students who in that year had to spend nine months on their own individual project.

MARLER: Now was that at Kingston University?

ALLEN: Yes.

MARLER: Okay.

ALLEN: One of my students did a project design of a spacecraft propelled by antimatter systems.

MARLER: Okay. Antimatter?

ALLEN: Right, antimatter is quite legitimate. There’s been a lot of work done on that, which I happen to know is quite rational. I mean, there’s also some problems about it, but, I mean, that’s a different ballgame.

MARLER: Well, and I’m glad you laid out your résumé just for the readers so they understand your background. Also, Dr. Evans, who was the project leader of Project Greenglow, he was the one that put me in touch with you originally and stated that, in fact, your title was Chief of Future Projects for British Aerospace.

ALLEN: Yes, right. And then the latest title I had was Chief Future Projects Engineer for the Hawker Company that made the Hurricane.

MARLER: Okay.

ALLEN: But I just wanted to make one comment.

MARLER: Yes.

ALLEN: I think I told you, from your book, about this device which I’m still convinced that I’m right in this - that the object described (referring to the North Carolina UFO wave of 1975 discussed in Chapter 4) was certainly a Harrier - an AV-8B made by McDonnell Douglas at St. Louis. The shape, well, the shape of it, you see, it had swept-back wings. There’s an air intake, there’s a gas turbine, and there’s an exhaust switch -- exhaust, just hot air. You don’t get any flames coming out of it. So I can’t see how this could be anything else except that. And I think I probably mentioned to you before that I have my own personal records of seeing seven UFOs.

MARLER: Yes.

ALLEN: But after some consideration and one thing or another, I was able to explain each one of these very different instances by my knowledge of various devices, including meteorological subjects. But, to me as an engineer, if these are alleged sightings of phenomena which create light, it was something up in the sky which you can see. It was some light coming off, which gets to your eye. And you then have the people who are unskilled, perhaps not expecting to see it, have to try and work out what it is. So they have no knowledge whatsoever and they do the best they can, but they would be influenced by things I’ve read about, you know.

MARLER: Uh-huh. Yes, so that’s a very valid point that you bring up, and one that we always try to keep in mind as investigators into the subject matter because, to your point, not many people are skilled in recognizing aircraft, especially advanced aircraft design.

ALLEN: I mean, and I saw this immediately because, I mean, I’ve worked with the Harrier. I was in the Harrier design team. I knew the work we did with the Americans; the American collaboration on the Harrier was brilliant. So, anyway, the point is take the something like 100,000 or more observations of various lights in the sky which people have identified as UFOs. Now the question is: It’s suggested that these are secret warplanes, which aren’t generally known.

MARLER: Sure.

ALLEN: But it might also be created by some intelligent beings from somewhere else.

MARLER: Sure.

ALLEN: I mean, it has to be a possibility.

MARLER: By the way, when did the Harrier actually go into operation?

ALLEN: Well, it started in our country in 1965. But I think it was 1970 when it got to the United States Air Force.

MARLER: And just one of the comments regarding the North Carolina case, which I did want to discuss with you because, again, you know, looking at the basic description, the lighting, etc., one of the comments that has been consistent, both in the North Carolina wave of 1975 that I discuss in the book, but, more importantly, going back to the 1930s and even the 1940s, are descriptions of these triangular objects. But, to your point with regard to the Harrier, one of the very distinct characteristics about these objects that all the witnesses were emphatic about was the fact that there was absolutely no noise. And, that, that would be uncharacteristic of the Harrier jet, wouldn’t it?

ALLEN: Well, the Harrier is quite noisy, but it depends on how far people assume it to be away.

MARLER: Well, some of the witnesses would state that it was directly overhead and it made absolutely no noise, so that, in those instances, it would be very suspicious, wouldn’t it?

ALLEN: And that’s… well, yes, you can’t turn the engine off in a Harrier.

MARLER: Exactly.

ALLEN: You have to have the engines on to keep up.

MARLER: Exactly.

ALLEN: So if it’s one of my Harriers but it doesn’t make a noise, that’s left you with a question.

MARLER: Yes, indeed.

ALLEN: I just wondered if there is tendency for some people to make exaggerated claims to get some publicity. I don’t know.

MARLER: I think that we can’t rule that out as a possibility. Going back historically, like I said, I have well-documented cases going back to the 1930s and 1940s. Certainly, delta form aircraft -- delta wing aircraft - are nothing new. Can you speak to that just a little bit?

ALLEN: The 1940s, you say?

MARLER: Yes.

ALLEN: Well, I don’t have all the evidence in my mind at the moment. I mean, you know, I know of it in a vague way, but there was at that time some very odd aircraft flying around. I mean, I worked on a whole series of extremely odd devices that we used to fly around to increase the time which our fighters, like the Spitfires and Hurricanes, would have.

MARLER: Yes.

ALLEN: But there’s a sketch (in your book) of a device which is absolutely like a sort of shoebox (i.e., rectangular).

MARLER: Yes.

ALLEN: Now, you see, I can’t equate that with any aircraft whatsoever, and it seems to me to -- I mean, I just can’t understand, I can’t put any rational explanation into something which is just the shape of a shoebox.

MARLER: Yes.

ALLEN: A rectangular (object) - it’s got six flat sides, it’s got corners and edges, and I just can’t relate that to any logic whatsoever in the means of producing some force to make a thing go around in the sky.

MARLER: Yes, and I’m glad you bring that up because I do have several cases from Belgium to the United States to England describing that very object --

ALLEN: Yes.

MARLER: -- and, again, over a period of several decades --

ALLEN: Yes.

MARLER: -- and, in all cases, they’re seen in conjunction with these triangular objects that people have reported in the sky.

ALLEN: Yes.

MARLER: And, again, like the triangular objects, often the witnesses will describe complete absence of sound despite it being an estimated 200 feet away in a rural setting where there’s no background noise.

ALLEN: Yes.

MARLER: So, like you said, how do you rationalize that? I’m in the same boat. I don’t know how to -- you know, what do I do with that information?

ALLEN: No, that’s right.

MARLER: And these are all very good points that you bring up. But to your point (and I think you acknowledged this earlier) - you don’t rule out that UFOs may have some type of extraterrestrial source as at least a possibility, if not a probability.

ALLEN: Yes, that’s right.

MARLER: In one of the chapters I discussed the characteristics (of these UFOs). If people are reporting these things, and, as some people say, this is relatively new to the phenomenon, I started to conduct a comprehensive historical analysis. My attitude was, “Well, are these new? Have these been reported before?” And what I found was consistency in the reporting worldwide of descriptions that mirror what’s being reported today in UFO reports. And what I then found were some consistent characteristics. And, again, in the ‘40s, ‘50s, ‘60s, even into the ‘70s, these triangular UFO reports were never widely published. It wasn’t part of the modern literature. People were still thinking, as I’m sure you can appreciate, of the classic flying saucer when people think of UFO.

ALLEN: Yes.

MARLER: They weren’t thinking triangular objects. And some of the characteristics that I found obviously could not be attributed to aircraft. One (characteristic) we discussed was the complete absence of sound even when these objects are directly overhead or near overhead, you know, based on witness testimony. And another one was the large size. A personal friend of mine, who is retired law enforcement and retired military, he had a sighting with some friends that I discuss in a later chapter in the book, and this is someone who I know -- now, obviously, I can’t speak to the accuracy of his testimony, to your point; but I can speak to the veracity of his claims because I know him not to be someone to exaggerate, to hoax, to lie.

ALLEN: Yes.

MARLER: I can speak to his character. But he described the large size of this object and, to your point, many eyewitnesses in a heightened state of emotion may not be accurate in their observations, which I think is a very important point you addressed earlier.

ALLEN: Yes.

MARLER: But, to me, his description, as well as other people’s descriptions, when they state that, “You couldn’t look at it. You had to look from the left to the right to see the entire object,” now --

ALLEN: Yes.

MARLER: -- when it gets to that point, then I think they are describing something of appreciable size. But what was interesting; he described this moving out over a clearing where they were in a rural area and, again, with him having it overhead looking left to right to see the entire object, he said there was completely no noise whatsoever coming from this object.

ALLEN: Yes.

MARLER: Now there are those unusual cases and, to your point, 90 percent to 95 percent of UFO reports can be discounted as conventional, prosaic explanations.

ALLEN: Yes.

MARLER: But there are some of those cases though that you really do scratch your head and you have to wonder.

ALLEN: Yes.

MARLER: And, with the complete absence of sound, I mean could it be possible that they’re seeing something that’s manmade that might be utilizing some of the technologies that you were exploring with Project Greenglow? Could they be looking potentially at something that would have some type of anti-gravitational propulsion?

Well, one of the other things I did have a question about and I was hoping you could give me some insight into this, a number of the reports -- and, again, I have to concede that my book is based, you know, on eyewitness reports because, to your point, we really don’t have any physical evidence with regard to the phenomenon -- but a number of eyewitness reports describe the object moving at tremendous velocities to the point where, based on some of the calculations, they appear to be moving, you know, beyond the sound barriers but, yet, there’s no sonic boom created. Is there anything within your background that would maybe shed insight into ways to alleviate or somehow mitigate breaking the sound barrier and generating a sonic boom? Does that make any sense from an aerodynamic standpoint?

ALLEN: -- if it’s going away from you, the sonic boom goes down -- if it’s lifting -- if the device is lifting -- then the sonic boom goes downward.

MARLER: Uh-huh.

ALLEN: If it’s going away from you, you may not hear it.

MARLER: Okay.

ALLEN: But if it’s coming towards you and it goes right overhead, then you would hear it.

MARLER: Okay.

ALLEN: But the thing is that there’s one UFO event (that occurred). It was at a place called Jodrell Bank.

MARLER: Jodrell Bank, yes.

ALLEN: And it was done by a professor and it was quite close to where I worked at Avro. And due to this, I went to see these people once and I gave them a lecture on aeronautics. But they took me up to their recording room and they showed me a trajectory of an object they were picking up over the Atlantic which was being tracked by their radar. It was an enormous disc about a 100-foot diameter, you see, and it was able to be moved into any direction.

MARLER: Okay.

ALLEN: And they said, “This does not move like an aircraft. It’s too fast for an aircraft.”

MARLER: Okay.

ALLEN: “It’s too low to be a spacecraft in orbit, and we think it’s doing about 5 or 6 times the speed of sound.”

MARLER: Okay.

ALLEN: And they couldn’t explain it. And I couldn’t explain it either. But that was told to me by the scientists who were working the Jodrell Bank radio telescope.

MARLER: Well, and you bring up a good point. I’ve been having conversations with Dr. Paul Czysz that worked for McDonnell Douglas for many years. ALLEN: Yes.

MARLER: He stated that when he was stationed at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base when he was in the Air Force prior to his employment with McDonnell Douglas that they tracked, similar to what you’re describing, they tracked an object within the atmosphere that was making acute right angle turns at high-speed velocities that they could not explain. And he said they tracked it all the way up from Wright-Patterson in Ohio all the way up to the Canadian border before they lost the tracking on the object.

ALLEN: The first date when I did this event (Jodrell Bank), when I went to see them, would be between 1954 and 1963. Yes. I think it is quite certain that those dates when I went up to Manchester was 1954. I left it in ’63, you see.

MARLER: Okay.

ALLEN: So that’s a fairly narrow time and I, if I looked at my diary, I could actually find the date I did it. But I just heard what they said and I guess of my seven UFOs, this is the one which I have not been able to crack, but most of the others I did. But this one -- these (reports) were given to me by the scientists who were very well equipped and they’re highly qualified. Most are Ph.D.s. And there’s no reason for them to just try and spoof me over something that they didn’t (observe).

MARLER: Yes.

ALLEN: I mean it wasn’t that sort of occasion. I was treated with great respect and I went up the tower itself and everything. So I couldn’t see any reason for being deceptive about it, so I took it at its face value that what they said to me was a record that they had and they couldn’t understand it either.

MARLER: Absolutely. And, you know, as far as science goes, I think it’s okay to say, “We don’t know. We can’t explain it.” That doesn’t mean there’s not an explanation. It’s just, based on the available information, we can’t explain it at this time.

ALLEN: That’s correct, yes.

MARLER: Actually, you reminded me of this in describing that encounter at Jodrell Bank. The Belgian wave of triangular UFO reports, did you hear about those reports in England from 1989 to 1991 where the Belgian Air Force actually tracked these objects?

ALLEN: Yes. The difficulty with this one is that these were professional pilots.

MARLER: Yes.

ALLEN: And this does make it a very sort of significant thing worth studying because, unless it was, I mean, so just two things. I mean, in a sense, they should be professionally qualified, and, therefore, they wouldn’t be trying to put it over on anybody.

MARLER: Yes.

ALLEN: But you might give them the benefit of a doubt saying they reported on something they saw.

MARLER: That’s one of the things that drew my attention to this particular subset of UFO reports because I thought that wave of sightings was well-documented. To your point, these were credible, military, educated eyewitnesses.

ALLEN: Yeah.

MARLER: And, more importantly, prior to the F-16’s being sent up to identify these UFOs, four separate ground-based NATO tracking stations were tracking the unknown target at the same time, a number of gendarmes and citizens in Belgium were visually reporting seeing the UFOs, and the locations of the eyewitnesses on the ground correlated with the radar target of the four NATO ground tracking stations. And it was based upon that information that they deemed it worthy enough to dispatch two F-16’s to identify the object. So just to give you some background on that.

ALLEN: Yes, I’m not familiar with the details of this. I only know of its existence, so I’m not really in a position to give any comment.

MARLER: Yes. I was just curious if you were familiar with it. When you mentioned the Jodrell Bank incident, that made me think of the radar tracking of the objects over Belgium.

ALLEN: Yes.

MARLER: We talked about Project Greenglow. We talked about how you were approached with it.

ALLEN: Yes.

MARLER: Can you describe when Project Greenglow concluded?

ALLEN: Well, it, as usual, wrapped up because of funding.

MARLER: Uh-huh.

ALLEN: I think that Ron Evans told me that they spent £100,000 on it.

MARLER: Okay.

ALLEN: And I think the honest drive was to really prove to the limit of possibility the chance of anybody else in another country or a different industry might come up with a competitive system which would put us out of business.

MARLER: Yes.

ALLEN: You know, it’s a good attitude to safeguard, isn’t it?

MARLER: Yes, it is.

ALLEN: And so I think that they were quite happy with the way we were running it and the enthusiasm we put into it and that we were able to attract a high level of competent people.

MARLER: Well, back to the subject of the book - these triangular objects.

ALLEN: Yes.

MARLER: Just assuming, for the sake of argument, that at least the modern day reports that have occurred in just the last few years, these sightings of these triangular objects, if accurate and true, do you think that they could possibly employ -- that these could be terrestrial objects that could be employing -- some of the physics that you were exploring with Project Greenglow back in the ‘90s?

ALLEN: I don’t think so, no. I think there’s very good reasons to have a delta-shaped wing for aircraft like the Harrier and certainly the Comet.

MARLER: So, in your opinion, the physics that you were exploring with Project Greenglow, you don’t believe that these could actually be implemented to the point where you have operational models?

ALLEN: No. It was only a what-if study and I wasn’t actually drawing the machinery. But I think that the delta-shaped wing planform is likely to be of greater use in the future. But these shapes which show sort of a flat -- the triangle edges -- have got a flat surface. The triangle has a deck.

MARLER: Yes.

ALLEN: So this doesn’t strike me as being -- there’s no logic for that whatsoever.

MARLER: I’m glad you bring that up, Professor Allen because I have a depiction of one of those objects on the cover of the book.

ALLEN: Yes.

MARLER: Eyewitnesses, including the ones in Belgium, did describe that there is thickness as well as length and width to these objects. While you’re discussing that blunt surface (sides) on these objects there is another characteristic -- and this goes back to the United States Air Force Project Blue Book as well as the recently declassified British MOD UFO files and they describe these triangles moving with the flat side as the leading edge and the apex of the triangle trailing behind.

ALLEN: Well, I don’t -- that doesn’t make aerodynamic sense to me at all.

MARLER: Well, nor to me, and I’m glad to hear that it doesn’t make sense from someone of your caliber because it certainly didn’t make sense to a layperson like myself.

ALLEN: Coming back to this mass dynamic process of my own. Within the sphere, you have to call it an engine - because the engine does -- it does work on the atomic characteristics of matter, and it also embodies an interaction with the space function as well. But, nevertheless, it doesn’t lead to any emanation. There’s no jet (exhaust) that comes out of it.

MARLER: Uh-huh.

ALLEN: But, in fact, I suppose if I wanted to engineer -- you take this particular shape we’re discussing now which is a thick triangle.

MARLER: Yes.

ALLEN: Then I would put my device, my engine, in the middle of it. And it would have enough power to overcome that particular device. And if the -- it’s not a natural shape to fly the Earth’s atmosphere because you have to have a streamlined leading edge and you have to have a sharp trailing edge to get a lift out of it. And it doesn’t make any sense. But I don’t need -- I have my sphere inside that actually produces forces and moments. So even if the airflow over the surface is quite unhelpful, my machine could actually overcome that because it has enough capability in producing the three moments. You know, you have to have three axes -- an axis going forward, an axis going up and down, and an axis going out along the wing. These three axes, and you have to have enough power to produce moments around these three axes to overcome any hiccups from a very, very badly designed external shape, you see?

MARLER: Yes.

ALLEN: You see, that’s quite important. I’ve never thought of that before, but that’s how I would interpret it, you see.

MARLER: Well, and you bring up a good point with regard to these hypothetical triangular platforms. You touched on it. You mentioned the energy source, and that’s certainly another question, isn’t it?

ALLEN: Yes.

MARLER: What would be the energy source to drive your auto-gravitational propulsion?

ALLEN: Well, my paper, you see, had to make certain assumptions. So, yes, I mean, I assume I violated physics by making assumptions. But I declared what the values of the forces were and everything.

MARLER: Yes.

ALLEN: And then, on that basis, one could go ahead and design all sorts of things (that) would be propelled with my mass dynamic system.

MARLER: I want to make sure your position is made very clear.

ALLEN: Yes.

MARLER: Your position on UFOs is certainly you’re not a UFO advocate/proponent, but, at the same time, in your experience, like (the) Jodrell Bank (incident) you described the tracking of that unknown. You certainly don’t rule out the extraterrestrial hypothesis or some non-terrestrial source, shall we say, for some UFO reports. I mean, you’re certainly open-minded to the subject.

ALLEN: Yes, that’s right. I mean, Leonardo da Vinci made a great step forward in drawing diagrams in 1500 of a man in a boat flapping wings and flying. You know?

MARLER: Yes.

ALLEN: Well, I went to an exhibition in Florence of Leonardo da Vinci’s work, and one of these representations of these flying boats was shown there. And I said, “Wouldn’t it be fun if we could get Leonardo back here and I would say, ‘You know, you were very foresighted because we do fly now’. And -- but I said, “We don’t just have one person in the boat; we have 500 people.” And he would be very surprised and he would say, “I find this unbelievable because I can’t imagine the size of the pulleys and the ropes.”

MARLER: Conventional wisdom.

ALLEN: Well, you see, he couldn’t see. But, you see, the reason he was fooled was he thought and a lot of his detailed research went into understand how birds fly. And he was using the principle of bird flight to apply it to his airplane.

MARLER: Yes.

ALLEN: Now his physics was wrong. But, the point was people believed, from what he drew, that manned flight would be possible. You see the trick in the argument?

MARLER: Absolutely.

ALLEN: And it’s very clever because, even though he got his physics wrong, he let people think, and so many people thought, like all the pioneers (of flight). And they were carried on by the belief that they’d acquired from Leonardo da Vinci even though his physics was totally wrong.

MARLER: But it was the basis for further research that did develop into fruition.

ALLEN: (I have) the same position as Leonardo because I’ve shown pictures of new devices which have, as it were, UFO capabilities, but my physics is wrong. My physics doesn’t exist.

MARLER: Yes.


ALLEN: So I am exactly like Leonardo da Vinci, but, as I’ve published it and you’ve read it, you will be led along a path which says, “Yes, there is a way. We’ve already seen it.” And so we’re completely the lookalike of Leonardo da Vinci. I did this with the greatest honesty. I have the greatest honesty. I’m not trying to kid anybody. But, you see, if people look back on this maybe in 200 years’ time, they might say, “Ah, yes, John Allen admitted (the nature of) his physics. Leonardo did not admit that his physics was wrong because he thought it was all right. Now I am ahead of him insofar as I said, “Look, I’m not kidding you people. I haven’t got my physics right.” If people develop ideas that will get me new physics like this, then I’ve won. So there you are.

MARLER: Well, that’s great. And just with regard to your analogy regarding Leonardo da Vinci, I think that your analogy speaks to your humility and your character, so I thank you for that. I think that really portrays where we’re at with this whole UFO mystery in general; we can’t definitively say these things are this, but, at the same time, we can’t say that we have all the answers to the universe either.

ALLEN: That’s correct, yes. Indeed. There was a very, very good television program on our national channel on Friday night about Sir Isaac Newton. In one of my other foresighted books, I said that, “Sir Isaac Newton invented gravity and engineers made space flight.”

MARLER: Yes, that’s true.

ALLEN: I said that, “When we’ve fully understood our space flight better than we do now,” I then said, “Who will be the new Newton that takes us on as big a step from where we are as Newton gave us before we got here?” And I had a slide called, “The New Newton.” So that fits in even though I’d forgotten about it for the last 20 years.

This might give a totally different approach to the whole thing is the combination of your writing the book and asking me to join you. It may give us an incredible, unexpected opportunity here. Well, I’m very grateful to you and may I wish you every success through your efforts?

MARLER: Thank you very much, Professor Allen.

ALLEN: Thank you. Good show.


I am indebted to Professor Allen for his time and keen insights. He is a true gentleman you feel gratified to have encountered given his good nature and incredible knowledge base. He was most generous with his time over the course of several phone calls to the U.K. and he educated me on many related subjects from his years in aerospace.

Interestingly enough, counterparts in the United States followed a path similar to that of British Aerospace, as referenced by Professor Allen. At NASA’s Breakthrough Propulsion Physics Program, they explored similar lines of inquiry. Namely, it was established “to seek the ultimate breakthroughs in space transportation: propulsion that requires no propellant mass, propulsion that attains the maximum transit speeds physically possible, and breakthrough methods of energy production to power such devices” according to Marc Millis, former project leader, in a 1999 article entitled “NASA’s Breakthrough Propulsion Physics Program” (In Acta Astronautica, Vol. 44, Nos. 2-4, pp. 175-182.).

This program ran from 1996 through 2002. Millis stated “Topics of interest include experiments and theories regarding the coupling of gravity and electromagnetism, vacuum fluctuation energy, warp drives and wormholes, and superluminal quantum effects. Because these propulsion goals are presumably far from fruition, a special emphasis is to identify affordable, near-term, and credible research that could make measurable progress toward these propulsion goals.”

In referencing the effort toward eliminating propellant mass, Millis acknowledges the fact that “Although it is presently unknown if such propellantless propulsion can be achieved, several theories have emerged that provide additional research paths. It should be noted that all of these theories are too new to have either been confirmed or discounted, but their potential utility warrants consideration.”

This is an important statement as it relates to our subject matter (i.e., triangular UFOs). Based on all available information, these objects appear to fly or operate in our airspace without producing exhaust trails or noise. This forces us to consider the possibility these objects do not utilize propellant-based technologies (i.e., combustion-based). Consider this thought in the context of the statements made by Millis in 1999. If a leader in the aerospace field states that forays into propellantless propulsion “are too new to have either been confirmed or discounted” then how can we realistically expect that objects observed prior to this year could be man-made craft utilizing these very same principles to apparent perfection? Again, the historical framework has previously been established to show these objects clearly date back much further than the 1990s.

Other areas of focus for Millis and his team involved the exploration of “how to attain the ultimate achievable transit speeds” and “discover fundamentally new modes of onboard energy generation.” Millis and his team focused on space travel, but the basic principles of achieving rapid flight and increased acceleration whether in space or within our atmosphere is an important one. Again, the speeds observed and also tracked by radar of triangular UFOs achieving incredible accelerations is noteworthy.

Then we have the necessary component of energy that Millis and his team explored. This was a subject that was discussed with Professor Allen as well. Aerospace concepts may exist within a theoretical framework for new propulsion technologies, but if one does not have the necessary energy requirements on-board to drive these systems, they are nothing more than that – theoretical.

In a subsequent article entitled “Breakthrough Propulsion Physics” dated November 19th, 2008, Millis further stated “This research falls within the realm of physics instead of technology, with the distinction being that physics is about uncovering the laws of nature while technology is about applying that physics to build useful devices.”

In this same article, Millis stated “All NASA support to sustain cognizance on these possibilities has been withdrawn as of October 1, 2008.” He added “When funding for active research was available, which ran from 1996 to 2002, the project oversaw research into 8 different approaches, produced 16 peer-reviewed journal articles…all for a total investment of less than $1.6M.” In the final section of his article entitled “Status of Research” he bluntly stated “No breakthroughs appear imminent.”

Again, it is a tragedy to see funding withheld from prominent scientists who have incredible scientific knowledge and foresight like Millis, Allen, and Evans. These men are modern-day geniuses who, if provided with unlimited funding, could achieve nothing short of miracles within the scientific realm.

However, this state of affairs brings us back to our elusive triangles. If key scientists on both sides of the pond in the U.S. and the U.K., working within BAE Systems and NASA respectively, have not made breakthroughs that would lead to the development of triangular aircraft of incredible design and operation – what are we dealing with?

Having the insights of these experts provides us with a rare glimpse into the world of the aerospace industry. Obviously, within this field there are those who take the subject of UFOs quite seriously. In fact, one highly-placed individual within the field stated to me in an email “We are all striving for the same purpose: to understand how UFOs fly.” Engineers are not usually in the habit of chasing phantoms or fairy tales. This statement, coupled with the previous information, brings UFOs clearly into the realm of fact - not fiction.

So where does that leave the future of aviation? In the January 2009 issue of Popular Science, an article entitled “Stealth Reborn” discussed the possible future of stealth technology and its applications. The article focused on the concept of a “mid-range stealth aircraft” which they stated was scheduled to appear on the scene in the year 2018.

The prototype design, if accurate, resembles the modern day stealth bomber with its characteristic bat-wing design and roughly triangular appearance. There is speculation as to whether this would be a manned or unmanned aircraft. It was suggested this newer version would have a much smaller radar signature than its modern day counterpart due to changes in surface design and coating. One other factor discussed was the ability to fly up to 2,000 miles without needing to refuel via an airborne tanker.

This last tidbit of information regarding mid-air refueling coupled with the overall design shown in the article showing inlet and exhaust ports for the jet engines strongly argues against the notion that we are currently flying anti-gravity aircraft today. If that were the case, then why are we still tinkering with jet propelled aircraft?

Before you answer that question, we can look at an even more recent article from the Washington Post dated August 15th, 2012. The article entitled “Hypersonic craft X-51A fails latest test” describes the Waverider aircraft that was tested by the Air Force. It was launched from a B-52 bomber and lost control seconds after the test flight began due to a problem with a control fin. The article stated this aircraft was powered by a Pratt Whitney Rocketdyne SJY61 scramjet combustion engine. The accompanying graphic also showed a craft propelled by jet exhaust – not anti-gravity engines.

Based on documented facts, we must concede that leading researchers have and will most probably continue to experiment with anti-gravity propulsion. However, also based on documented facts, we must set aside any notion that we have perfected such a craft and have been flying these around the globe for no obvious reason.

All of this is in the realm of science fiction by today’s standards, but who knows about tomorrow? Certainly, if we reject the modern day accounts as being attributed to human technology then what does that say about reports of silent, triangular aircraft being sighted in the 1940s and 1950s if not earlier?

Examples of the minutia circulating on the internet regarding these objects are stories of the mythological “TR-3B” aircraft. Not only do websites reference the existence of this purported United States aircraft as a solid fact, but they also know exactly how the craft operates. Some websites provide detailed schematics of this “top secret” aircraft and propulsion system. So much for secrecy! Attached to these reports are individuals who claim to have worked on these projects first-hand. However, they never seem to have the evidence to back up their stories.

I have attempted to provide educated insights into this mystery by leading aerospace experts who are well-established in their field, including well-documented material in the public domain. For those that still spin stories of “black projects” involving man-made triangular UFOs, I can only point out two things.

First, these lone individuals who claim to have worked on black projects must offer some type of evidence beyond just their solely unsubstantiated statements. Second, if they are divulging “top secret” technological information, then why have they not been arrested for violation of secrecy oaths?

Based on all available information, the evidence suggests the triangular UFOs we have discussed are separate from any Earth-based technologies. Despite some aerospace experts possibly studying the proposed flight characteristics of these UFOs and hypothesized physics involved, we can conclude that “we” are not “there” yet. Again, perhaps one day we will be. Meanwhile, we are still presented with a genuine phenomenon that needs to be addressed.


===========================================================================
Chapter 9: History Repeats Itself


The topic of UFOs is a fascinating one to be sure. Regardless of your viewpoint on the subject, it certainly fuels the imagination. My interest began as a general curiosity at first. Later, it developed into a focused attempt to try and gain a true understanding of the reality or non-reality of what was confronting us. I began to appreciate the subject beyond just the search for answers and gained an overall appreciation for the phenomenon as a cultural aspect of our society.

In many lectures I have given on the subject, I have stated that regardless of your position regarding the UFO subject, one thing is certain – UFOs are part of our culture. You may relegate UFOs to the category of fact, fiction, or folklore. Each person arrives at that decision individually, but nonetheless UFOs are part of our culture – love them or hate them. If they are part of our culture, then it goes without saying they are part of our history. If there is one other passion I have aside from UFOs it is an interest and appreciation for history and its preservation.

Like other aspects of our cultural heritage, UFO history should be preserved as well. One day, people will look back on the 20th and early 21st centuries and our fascination with “flying saucers” and “UFOs” with fond nostalgia. They may comment on the cultural antecedents that lead to the formation of these thoughts and beliefs involving so-called “flying saucers” or “UFOs.” They may marvel at the phenomenon and how it evolved over decades of thought and story-telling as a pervasive myth. Already, books have been dedicated to this thesis.

Conversely, as more information comes to light, the stark reality that we are not alone may become the predominant mindset. Over the years, numerous scholars and scientists from around the world have secretly engaged in UFO research on their own time and on their own dime. In the last ten to twenty years, more scientists and academicians are stepping out of the shadows to acknowledge their interest and investigation into the subject matter regardless of ridicule.

As this continues to occur, more people are having their own first-hand UFO experiences and are opening their minds to the potential reality of UFOs. Combined, this may eventually lead to a major cultural shift in our thinking and approach towards the UFO subject. Then again, incontrovertible proof may one day surface that proves the existence of UFOs as a reality – whatever that reality might be.

In either case, people will look back on what occurred years and decades earlier. They will ask questions and seek information to bolster their positions. If we do not take the time to preserve the UFO information we have today, it will not be around tomorrow. Instances have occurred where a prominent UFO researcher passed away only to have the survivors discard all of their material, since they didn’t hold an appreciation for the subject similar to their departed loved one.

At the time this book is being written, the last surviving “saucer enthusiasts” are slowly passing away due to old age. The individuals who were captivated by the first well-publicized “flying saucer” reports from 1947 are now in their seventies, eighties, or nineties. I know this, since I have been working with a number of them to preserve their collections. This is, in part, how I have been able to amass the collection of UFO material I have today from which this book is derived.

One of the larger collections I have been fortunate enough to have been entrusted, is that of The UFO Study Group of Greater St. Louis. This organization was founded in the late 1960s by a number of serious UFO enthusiasts. The group served as a precursor to The Mutual UFO Network (MUFON) which is now the largest investigative body in the United States. Future founding members of MUFON were regular attendees at the local St. Louis area meetings.

In addition to hosting lectures and guest speakers from around the country and promoting general UFO education, they also served as an active investigative group in the late 1960s and 1970s. Their files included UFO sighting reports from the greater St. Louis, Missouri area as well as neighboring southern Illinois. These were later placed in storage along with many books, journals, newspapers, etc. The surviving members of this organization were not getting any younger and they were concerned about the future of their library.

In the summer of 2005, I was approached and asked if I would be willing to take possession of the Study Group’s UFO library including case files. I was approached due to my well-known desire to preserve UFO information for future generations as well as my historical UFO research and lectures that incorporated this same material. In addition, I was one of the youngest associates of the organization. I was happy to accept this material and include it in my ever-growing research library. Little did I realize that this decision in 2005 would provide an investigative lead in my triangular UFO research six years later.

Having sorted through most of the randomly boxed UFO material over the subsequent few years, I found myself confronted with two file cabinet drawers of miscellaneous papers. These were the last items of the library that had not been filed. I would leave these drawers alone for another few years as I was constantly acquiring additional material from other sources and lecturing in addition to my day job.

In 2011, I decided finally to tackle these last two drawers of material. As I quickly sorted the various papers, I threw away most due to them being photocopies of original items I already had or due to the pages having faded with age and improper storage. However, as I quickly tore through this never-ending pile of papers, I stumbled upon a few items that were noteworthy. One was a UFO sighting report from 1968.

What first caught my attention was the obvious fact this was a UFO sighting report form. However, my attention was then drawn to the sketch of the UFO as purportedly seen by the witness. It was a triangular object. More importantly was the location of the UFO sighting as noted on the form. It was sighted just outside Scott Air Force Base in southern Illinois. Add to this the date of the purported sighting: December 19th, 1967.


I was in utter disbelief! While haphazardly sorting through old UFO papers, I stumble across a UFO sighting report that bears striking similarities to the January 5th, 2000 UFO incident not only involving the same location but also the same UFO described. Yet this event occurred roughly thirty-two years prior! What was going on here?

I decided to make an attempt to track down the witness to this case, assuming he was still alive and willing to talk to me. After three decades, I was not overly optimistic. Yet, I did have the name of the eyewitness listed on the second page of the UFO report form. After some time, I did locate an email address of someone residing in Illinois who had the same name. After sending an email to the individual asking if they had reported a UFO in 1968, I received a reply to my surprise. The gentleman stated he did, in fact, sight a UFO in 1967, but had forgotten about filing a report after all these years. A series of emails then led to a phone conversation. This conversation then led to a face-to-face interview in January of 2012.

Due to my close affiliation with fellow-researcher, Darryl Barker, and our shared interest in the January 5th, 2000 incident, I invited him to join me for the interview. Upon meeting the witness and his family, both of us were impressed by him. Despite having witnessed this object in 1967, he admitted he is “not into UFOs.” However, he did hear about the 2000 sighting near Scott Air Force Base, since he still lives in the general area.

As previously-mentioned, the witness had no recollection of filing an actual UFO report back in 1968. As a result, I kept the report from him until I could conduct the interview to see how well his testimony remained consistent. To Darryl’s and my amazement, his testimony was completely consistent with his initial report (see Appendix for report). Even with the passage of years, his memory of the event was solid. In addition, he was extremely articulate and precise in relating details of the event.

The witness was also generous enough to allow audio and video recording of his interview, which I greatly appreciated. What follows is a portion of our interview regarding his 1967 UFO sighting near Scott Air Force Base:


Witness: It was after dark. It was late in the evening. I’m not sure now the time. We were westbound on Highway 177 from Mascoutah to Belleville. We were right at the East edge of Belleville on (Highway) 177. There’s a tavern right there I believe called Lone Oak Tavern something like that on (Highway) 177. We had (been driving) right in that area when one of us noticed the object in the sky. And we proceeded to follow the thing across the East edge of Belleville.

Marler: Once you decided to pursue the object or go after it, what direction did that lead you?

Witness: Northeast. Probably more East. East-Northeast say. It was on a fairly straight (flight) path. We zigzagged through the city streets on the East end of Belleville to keep up with it. It was in our line of sight all the time. We could see it the whole time we were following (it). And it seemed to be heading toward Scott (Air Force Base) and then we lost sight of it somewhere around Highway 161 near where Southwest Illinois College is today.

Marler: In losing sight of it, did the object simply depart or did you have something that obstructed your view at that point do you recall?

Witness: Just lost sight of it. It didn’t appear to rush off it didn’t appear to change direction drastically or anything. Just lost sight (of it).

Marler: Could you describe the object when you noticed it and then did it change appearance in any way shape or form as you were obviously viewing it from different vantage points?

Witness: Yes. (It) always seemed to be in the shape of a slice of pie to me. Just that those dimensions. (It) had some thickness to it and an obvious triangular shape.

Marler: And you mentioned that there were some lights or windows as you described them?

Witness: There was a row of lights along one side. There was only one side visible at a time anyway. The row of lights were square. The lights were square or rectangular anyway. We weren’t like watching it for any period of time because it was moving all the time. We were kind of hampered because we didn’t have a straight line way to follow it. We had to zig-zag. (We) never really got a chance to just sit there and look at it.

Marler: Obviously you described it visually. What type of noise did you hear?

Witness: Absolutely silent. There wasn’t a sound. There was no sound at all.

Marler: Can you describe the general terrain back at that time?

Witness: I would say it was just all open fields. Between where we saw the object and where the Southwest Illinois College is now, (it was) pretty much wide open at that time. Just nothing but fields. We were able to stay almost underneath it the whole time. (We were) real close to it even though we were limited by the speed we could drive, by stop signs, stoplights, whatever to stay up with it. We had no trouble. It wasn’t moving very fast. The terrain then was just open country(side).

Marler: What do you think was an estimate of the closest that you were to the object?

Witness: I would say 500 feet (distance). It could have been more than that. It surely wasn’t much less than that. But it could have been more than that.

Marler: At this time, I believe your report indicates 10:30 p.m. (CST) was the time of the sighting and this was in December, so at any time did you have the windows to the car rolled down do you recall to see if you could hear anything?

Witness: Oh yes. Absolutely. We did do that when I first noticed that I couldn’t hear anything in the car. We rolled the windows down to see if we could hear (anything). And there was still no sound. It was just deathly quiet.

Marler: Now the other question I had for you is you state it was roughly, again your estimate, within about 500 feet (distance) of where you were (positioned).

Witness: Yes.

Marler: What would you estimate was the altitude of the object?

Witness: Close to that I would say. Because we stayed so close to it all the time.

Marler: So roughly 500 feet distance from you and 500 feet above as far as altitude?

Witness: Probably so. 500 feet away was maybe not the maximum distance it was away at any one time, often closer than that, until we just lost sight of it.

Marler: So, just to recap, the direction you saw it coming from would have been?

Witness: From the southwest going to the northeast basically.

Marler: Okay. And you stated you went to Scott Air Force Base?

Witness: Yes.

Marler: Can you describe what took place after you lost sight of the object?

Witness: Sure. Because of the direction the thing was going and also the direction we were driving at the time was toward Scott (Air Force Base), my thought was that it was something that was going to Scott (Air Force Base). It was going there to land or something like that. It was affiliated (with Scott Air Force Base).

I knew my way around Scott (Air Force Base). I spent a lot of time out there with friends at the Teen Club. You know, visiting friends. And I knew where the flight line was. I knew where the control tower was. So we went to where the control tower was…and we parked.., and we went up the stairs… to where the control tower was and went in the control tower. Just opened the door and went in.

And there were a few fellas sitting in there and I said we have just been chasing a thing…something flying from Belleville towards Scott (Air Force Base) (and we were) wondering if you guys had anything on radar if you had spotted anything also? They said “No.” They asked, “Where did you see it?” We told them the direction it was flying and they talked amongst themselves and they said “No. We have nothing.”

Marler: Now, moving forward (in time) to January 5th, 2000, you and your wife had heard about that sighting.

Witness: Yes.

Marler: What was your initial reaction when you heard about that (case)? Did you make the connection with your sighting?

Witness: Absolutely! I said, “Holy smokes! These guys have seen the same thing that I saw essentially!” I remember more about the stuff that I saw more than what I remember about the thing that we saw on TV and the reports. But it sure seemed like there were a lot of similarities to me. An awful lot!

Marler: And the size of your object again, if you were to estimate? How large did you believe the object was?

Witness: I would say 50 (to) 75 feet long. Something like that. From the point of the triangle to say the middle of the back of the thing.

Marler: And you indicated the “windows” were illuminated?

Witness: Yes.

Marler: Was there a color associated with that light or could you describe the light?

Witness: I really couldn’t do that any justice. It was pale. They didn’t seem to be (aircraft) marking lights or something like that. They seemed to be windows. They seemed to be not so much illuminated at the window as behind the window. That the light was coming through the window instead of right at the window.

Marler: Were there any other lights any type of navigational-type lights or what would look like navigational lights or were there just the “windows” that you could notice?

Witness: I don’t really recall. I don’t think so. I don’t know.

Marler: Yeah. On your original report, just as a refresher, you didn’t indicate that there were any lights. It seemed to be the “windows” were the only thing (visible on the object). So that would be consistent with your initial report back in 1968.

One last question is: Total duration of your sighting? Again, you had observed it from multiple points during this time period. From the moment you initially saw the object to the moment it disappeared, what do you think was an estimate of total duration of the sighting?

Witness: Twenty minutes give or take five minutes.

Marler: So this was not a fleeting event? That you saw it and then it was gone.

Witness: Not at all!

Marler: This was occurring over several minutes.

Witness: Oh yes.

Marler: Hypothetically, if there was a skeptic sitting here right now and they said, “You just simply misidentified a conventional military aircraft.” What would be your response to someone making that statement?

Witness: Well, except for a few things, I would say “Sure. You know. Could be. But I’d sure like to see what you’re talking about that is of that shape and is silent.” That was the kicker for me! No noise!

Marler: And again, you reiterate what you reported back in 1968. Because if you notice on the report form there you said “No sound” in response to the question, “Was there any noise?” And you underlined it twice.

Witness: None. Not a hum. Yeah, no noise!

Marler: So, in the literal sense of the term, you saw an unidentified flying object?

Witness: Absolutely! And still to this day is unidentified as far as I’m concerned.


As discussed in our historical review, the general area around Scott Air Force Base has had its share of triangular UFO reports. We have reviewed the following cases so far: December 19th, 1967, November 16th, 1970, January 1972, and January 5th, 2000. These are just the reports we have heard about. There may be others.

In the course of research for this book, I also came across two UFO reports separated by ten years near the city of Alton, Illinois located 40 miles northwest of Scott Air Force Base. Both reports were documented in the Alton Telegraph newspaper.

The first sighting was reported in the October 22, 1973 issue of the newspaper and was referenced earlier in Chapter 4. It described the sighting reported to Alton police by an eyewitness of a “triangular-shaped form.” The object reportedly had one bright white light at each point and was seen hovering over a local road. The sighting occurred shortly before 8:00 p.m. on October 20th. The witness said there was a second set of lights in a triangular pattern above the first. The lighting configuration and the fact there were two objects fits into our established profile.

Ten years later, another triangular UFO sighting occurred near Alton, Illinois. This was reported in the February 8th, 1983 edition of the newspaper. This article referenced the Illinois State Police who had recently received two separate UFO reports on February 7th. The first witness was from Coffeen, Illinois located 54 miles northeast of Alton. The witness reported seeing a “triangular object with bright lights” around 8:19 p.m. The second witness was a police officer from Brighton, Illinois located 50 miles west of Coffeen. He reportedly observed the same object approximately ten miles southwest of Brighton around 8:27 p.m.

Less than sixty miles to the northwest of Brighton across the Mississippi River in the State of Missouri is the town of Elsberry, Missouri. It was there in 1978 that a wave of UFO sightings and cattle mutilations occurred as referenced in the book’s introduction. However, in November of 2000, just ten months after the January 5th, 2000 UFO incident, a retired law enforcement officer and former Marine along with six friends sighted a gigantic triangular UFO over a rural wooded area in the vicinity of Elsberry.

The men were there to hunt deer as they often had in the past on many occasions. However, on this particular weekend, they sighted something extraordinary. At approximately 7:00 p.m., the men had gathered outside to cook dinner over an open fire. At some point, one of the men shouted “Look at that! What is that?” Another man replied “Yeah! Look at that! Look at that!” All of the men then focused on the sky above them.

According to the retired law enforcement officer, they observed a huge flying “wedge” or “wing.” There was a white light on the left and right points of the object. He added that the sky was “so clear and there were so many stars (visible) in the sky that night, that we could see the object quite easily because it was blocking out the stars in the sky of course as it was going over (head).”

He added the object seemed to be only around 3,000 feet in altitude. In addition, he noted the complete absence of sound. He estimates they saw the object for thirty seconds before losing sight of it, since they were in a wooded area and only observed it while it was passing over the open field or clearing where they were set up. The size encompassed the whole clearing. He very adamantly stated “You couldn’t look at it. You had to look from left to right to see it all.” The object departed to the southeast. The witness sketch is provided. Note the similarity in shape to that of Officer Stevens’ sketch from January 5th, 2000.


Witness sketch of object near Elsberry, Missouri, November 2000.


The witness stated he was an aviation electrician in the Marine Corps attached to an air wing and the owner of the property, who was a witness, worked for a major aircraft corporation based in St. Louis, Missouri. He emphasized to me that “We’re both fairly familiar with aircraft.” But he added “This is just something we have never seen before and it was totally silent.” Knowing this man personally, I would take whatever he said at face value. I know him to be a no-nonsense individual of outstanding character.

This case brings to mind the argument posed by many regarding UFOs: “Why are UFOs always seen in rural settings and not over large cities for all to see?” Well, the question itself speaks to the lack of knowledge the inquisitor has regarding the subject matter. Many UFOs have been observed over large cities and population centers. Triangular UFOs are no exception.

One case in particular stands out from the rest. This case actually involved two separate nights of sightings over the same area involving a tremendously large object as witnessed by hundreds, if not thousands of people. While serving as Illinois State Director for MUFON, I received some of the initial phone calls concerning this incident and was involved on the periphery of the investigation. This was partly due to me residing in southern Illinois and the UFO being seen in upstate Illinois over the city of Tinley Park and surrounding areas which is roughly 25 miles southwest of downtown Chicago. The other reason for not being directly involved in the investigation was that my Assistant State Director at the time, Sam Maranto, lived in the immediate area and was well-suited to investigate the case.

What follows is a review of the events over Tinley Park, Illinois on the evenings of August, 21st, 2004 and October 31st, 2004 and the subsequent investigation as told by my friend and current Illinois MUFON State Director, Sam Maranto.


“I got it …I got it on tape” may very well sum up the significance of the Tinley Park, Illinois mass sightings of 2004 that occurred to the southwest of Chicago, Illinois. T.J., an avid sky watcher, chemical plant manager, father of two and author of this statement, was one of a number of witnesses who not only recorded the August 21st, 2004 event, but was fortunate enough to witness and record the subsequent events of October 31st of that same year.

In both instances, the lights were observed over the surrounding areas of Frankfort, Mokena, New Lenox, Oak Forest, Orland Park, Orland Hills, as well as Matteson in addition to other outlying regions. The lights moved

This element was an added value to the credible mass UFO sighting case that included multiple video footages taken from a variety of vantage points which offered a different perspective of the same subject and event. Many of these were able to be sequenced revealing, how truly invaluable they were as it provided supportive evidence to the eyewitness reports. To date, some twenty plus videos had been submitted for evaluation. There were three independent groups as well as a number of individuals that analyzed these videos. Some analyses were more extensive than others.

Having personally reviewed the majority of these videos in addition to video and photographic experts’ analyses, I can say with a comfortable degree of certainty and in agreement with the majority who also evaluated this evidence that:

1.) The three red illuminations that had been seen on both nights were most likely not independent of each other (i.e., they were physically connected).

2.) If the illuminations were positioned / located near points of the furthest most extremities, near what would be the vertices, then the object would resemble a massive isosceles triangle. Two equal length legs (sides) longer than the third base (leg) with two base/leg angular measurement being greater than 45 degrees each.

3.) The illuminations are not consistent with any known atmospheric phenomena. They are inconsistent with aviation lights or military incendiaries (i.e., flares).

4.) The illuminations themselves had properties that lacked the scintillation associated with flares, Chinese lanterns, or any of the usual suspects. No characteristics such as smoke; flickering; dropping of slag; or gradual descent indicative of the above were noted. No recovery of evidence to that effect exists either.

5.) These three illuminations were reported and recorded in this area for nearly two hours. They reportedly disappeared and reappeared at times in varying locales within the overall sighting area.

6.) Within a 72 hour window before and after the August 21st, 2004 Tinley Park event, we noted a large number of similar sightings in various worldwide locations. Most significant was a video from Melbourne, Australia showing two of these identical triangular configurations.

7.) These illuminations maintained altitude uniformly and hovered motionless at times and in the presence of a breeze on August 21st, 2004 and a more prevalent breeze on October 31st, 2004.

8.) These illuminations may very well be a residual effect on the surrounding atmosphere by energized fields that may have been emitted. This may relate to possible propulsion technology as opposed to mere navigational lighting.

9.) Even though, as pointed out repeatedly, the quality of this footage is, for the most part, low quality consumer grade imagery. The value here is in measurable and supportive data - not cinematography. We are forced to work within the scope of the evidence at our disposal. We surely were not disappointed with the analysis in this case.

10.) Having measurable and known reference points and subject matter in the sequenced videos gave us supporting evidence to determining the approximate distance, altitude, and size of the object.

Before going into any more details as to the findings of this case here is a very brief summary background of the case that may be of interest.

Three million attendees lined the lake front of Chicago for the annual Air and Water Show earlier that Saturday the 21st of August, 2004. Many began making their way home as musician, Ozzie Osbourne, made his way off stage at the First Midwest Bank Amphitheatre (at the time known as the Tweeter Center) in Tinley Park. It was just after 10:00 p.m. when traffic was streaming on to the main roads adjoining the interstate. Throughout the area, thousands were out enjoying this near perfect summer evening. Many were attending any one of numerous block parties or backyard barbeques that evening. Suddenly, something very unusual caught their attention. It was three brilliant, deep reddish illuminations that remained motionless at times then slowly meandered silently across this cloudless, starlit night sky. The flight path consisted of them moving from the south/southwest to the north/northeast then finally to the south/southeast. Here on a day filled with captivating performances and festivities these three red lights would ultimately end up stealing the show by being far more memorable to the observers.

Some, lucky enough to have a camcorder on hand, captured this configuration as it rotated in perfect unison while maintaining altitude and position. It was described as beautiful yet unnerving .Within minutes, calls were flooding into the Tinley Park Police and 911 center as well as those in many other surrounding communities.

Peter Davenport at the National UFO Reporting Center was also receiving an unusual volume of calls regarding this event. Clearly, something was being seen in this highly populated area just south of Chicago and it wasn’t the Goodyear blimp.

Directly above this area is one of the busiest air traffic corridors in the world. Yet while these observations were being made, it was keenly noted that all air traffic appeared to have ceased. Normal Air traffic resumed immediately after the illuminations departed the area. For nearly two hours, the sky was free of conventional aircraft. This fact alone alarmed a good number of citizens.

Roughly half an hour after the first spectacle cleared the area, another illumination appeared. This was reported as a single red illumination that didn’t linger over the area like the first. It moved along at a good rate of speed yet departing along a similar trajectory as the first series of lights as though trying to catch up to it.

It was on viewing the first video in a faster play mode followed by reversing the same sequence that it became apparent these three red illuminations seemed to maintain a very consistent distance from one another. This geometric form of an Isosceles triangle was clearly becoming discernible. If in fact these illuminations were affixed to something that wasn’t visible in the video and were being held in place, it would have been enormous in size as well as in its construction.

After reviewing two other videos and three photos, it was more than an assumption that the only variation was the perspective of the witness and/or recording of the subject as the evidence was consistently pointing to potentially a single, structured object with a geometric triangular configuration. Though, of the many witnesses interviewed, only a few felt certain they had seen a solid object or something connecting the illuminations to each other.

Another interesting observation that was overwhelmingly consistent with some accounts from August 21st, 2004 was that the three large “red lights” were each comprised of three smaller illuminations. Separate yet equal in size and intensity each light appeared in a triangular configuration within the larger ones. This observation was held by many of those who were in the eastern section of the village. One gentleman made this discovery through the use of a telescope. He was some three plus miles west of the other witnesses. Also reported were no less than three accounts of smaller objects seen leaving from and returning to the large triangular object. One such report was from a police officer.

Most reported a deep reddish hue to the “lights” somewhat similar to the many radio tower beacons that can be seen throughout the area. A few reported, as they stood directly under the object, a combination of rapidly alternating colored illuminations. This may have been when the object was much lower in altitude.

It was the October 31st, 2004 mass sighting that occurred just after 8:00 p.m. that yielded higher quality video evidence. In this case, the lights moved from the northwest to the southeast. After the event in August, several individuals and groups teamed up to form quick response teams complete with cameras in the event a similar episode should occur. They did not have to wait long as they were able to record the event from fixed positions this Halloween night. They also were asked to give a constant narration of the event and all details while filming. It had also been suggested to keep reference objects in the field of view, if future video footage was taken. It was T.J. again who captured some stunning video on this date. He captured a commercial jet flying between his vantage point and the mystery object. Incorporating another video taken a few blocks from T.J. further south, we were able to clearly see that the jet was between T.J.’s field of view and the object. This put things into perspective for us.

Thanks are extended to Terrence Masson and Dr. Ted Acworth who, while working on a UFO Hunters television episode dedicated to this very case, analyzed select footage. Their evaluation of footage and graphic illustrations of the estimated the size of the triangular object is nothing short of dynamic. They did an excellent job getting the point across in the show that, whatever the nature of the object, it was many times larger than anything in our flying arsenal today.

Those who independently drew similar calculations based off of the eyewitness testimony and video evaluation included Dr. Mark Rodeghier, Victor Connor, David Finkbeiner, David Marler, Dr. Michael Swords and many others who contributed to this investigation.

Of all the many unusual attributes to this anomalous massive triangular object both observed and recorded, the following may be a little known identifiable maneuver worth noting.

In at least two videos the object was recorded rotating its base below and above itself this is a very unusual maneuver clearly recorded and mentioned in the narration. It was also included in one witness report (a phone interview) with an amateur astronomer who is also an attorney. He was shocked by this quick reconfiguration. I had also seen this very same arcing rotation in another video from southern Illinois taken on the evening of January 4th, 2000. This clear arcing motion from one side to the other then stopping in the very location the other illumination had occupied is a strong indication of structure. This entire rotation was accomplished in less time than an object in a state of free fall. This little demonstration infers, at the very least, a presence of structure.

It should be noted that massive triangular craft have been seen in this same area prior to and subsequent to these two incidents. However, this time, they got it on videotape.


I wish to thank my colleague, Sam Maranto, for his dedicated efforts in investigating this case. He, along with his Illinois MUFON investigators, worked tirelessly to interview the innumerable witnesses to both of these dramatic events. Two reports Sam investigated demonstrate parallels to cases and characteristics previously mentioned.

The first report involved a 48-year-old resident of Tinley Park who witnessed the triangular formation of lights on August 21st, 2004 that many observed that same evening around 10:00 p.m. He noted the absence of any noise coming from the lights and watched them eventually disappear. However, approximately 45 minutes later, an unusual solitary light was observed. The witness stated “A red light came down the same path and did the same thing (as the previous formation of lights). It made no noise, it floated very slowly right over the tops of all our houses. It appeared to stop and start again, turned right and disappeared.” The similarities to other historical UFO reports involving solitary red lights that fly in conjunction with triangular UFOs should be noted. Multiple examples of this occurred during the Belgian UFO wave from 1989 to 1991.

The second report involved a father and daughter who were in two separate locations in the general area of the First Midwest Bank Amphitheatre (at the time known as the Tweeter Center) in Tinley Park on the night of October 31st, 2004. The daughter who was to the north of her father’s location had observed what appeared to be a large triangular object in the sky. At the same time, the father was observing a “horseshoe shaped-object” further to the south. This testimony is reminiscent of the case we reviewed earlier in the book from Broager, Denmark. As the reader may recall, the witness there described a large, low-flying, triangular object that flew over the town of Broager in conjunction with a number of horseshoe-shaped objects that emerged from it. Could these events somehow be related?

As amply demonstrated thus far, these triangular objects have been reported worldwide. However, there have been multiple well-documented cases of this nature reported in Illinois. Either this is due to an inordinate concentration of activity there or due to me having lived in Illinois until recent years and being more privy to cases from that area. In either case, we now know of a documented account from the year 1968 of a 1967 sighting as well as the January 5th, 2000 incident that both occurred outside of Scott Air Force Base. Then, in 2004, we have two multiple witness cases over the area of Tinley Park involving hundreds, if not thousands, of eyewitnesses. History has repeated itself there many times.

But let us return to the overall scope of the book and examine cases involving a wider geographical distribution. More importantly, let us continue our examination of cases leading up to more current times and, ultimately, to our final assessment of this material.


===========================================================================
Chapter 10: Continual Reports and Implications


We have examined historical reports in newspapers, military files, and those in UFO literature. In addition, we have reviewed interview notes with eyewitnesses. We have conducted a detailed analysis of the common characteristics associated with these objects and thereby created a working profile. These were used to illustrate the long history of triangular UFOs prior to the modern wave of sightings which was typified by the now-famous Belgian wave of 1989-1991.

Before moving to the conclusions of this report, a review should be made of more recent sightings to demonstrate the continuity of reports. We touched on a few in the previous chapter. Let us examine some others that have occurred after the Belgian wave concluded in 1991. By no means is this phenomenon something that happened in the past tense. This phenomenon continues to occur!

In March of 1992, reports of triangular objects were continuing to be reported worldwide. The Union Leader of Manchester, New Hampshire published a dramatic sighting that occurred two days earlier on March 3rd. At 7:50 p.m., Roger Cross was driving to Manchester on Route 3A in Concord, New Hampshire when heard an unusual sound he later described as “sounding like increasing rain on a summer night on a canvas tent.” He pulled his car over to the side of the road and witnessed a triangular object that was immense in size and flying 400 to 500 feet above the road. The object had pulsating lights.

The radio station, WNNH, in Henniker stated they had received “very serious calls” about a similar object the next morning. The sightings began around 6:00 p.m. and filtered in from the cities of Claremont, Newport, Bradford, Salisbury, Penacook, as well as Concord.

While back in England, reports of a similar nature continued as well. The January 21st, 1993 edition of the Ashbourne News Telegraph of Derbyshire ran a story entitled: “UFO spotters chase mysterious ‘flashing triangle’.” It recounts the story of an Ellastone family who, upon seeing a massive triangular UFO above their home, gave chase after it in their car when they lost sight of it. The object was described as very large, silent, with flashing lights all around it. Others in the area reported similar sightings.

In February, similar sightings were being reported in southeastern Wisconsin. The Shepherd Express of Milwaukee Wisconsin ran a comprehensive story in their June 17th edition that described these. The first triangular UFO report in the area occurred around 9:00 p.m. on February 1st. A young man was driving home to Cedarburg, Wisconsin when he noticed a large, black, triangular UFO hovering above a Cedarburg water tank. The object reportedly had nine lights on it that included a row of bright lights on one side. He reported his sighting to the local police. Two police officers in Cedarburg had witnessed bright beams of light in the vicinity of the reported sighting, but didn’t realize the significance until they later received the UFO report.

Another sighting occurred February 4th near Fort Atkinson, Wisconsin and involved a man, Kevin Crump, and his grandmother, Betty Barnick. At approximately 6:35 p.m., they saw a fire truck drive by with lights on. They then began to look around to see if they could see smoke or a fire nearby. It was at this point, they spotted something in the sky. The object was first thought to be a low-flying plane. Crump stated “Then all of a sudden it shot out a blue glowing ball from the tail-end of the craft. It looked like a flame ball from a roman candle. It shot out about two inches, in ground to sky distance, with a trail of twinkling lights. The blue ball just hung in the sky over the old school to our left.”

Crump then pulled his car over to the side of the road and exited the vehicle. Barnick stayed inside. Crump stated “I looked up and saw the ship just about directly overhead. I could see a faint outline of the ship because the moon was above it.” He continued “The moonlight reflected off the black metallic surface. It was the shape of an oblong triangle with a light at each point – a red and a blue light at the front and a white light at the back.”

A feature we have become familiar with was reported in this case as well. The craft was characterized as unusual due to the way it traveled – the base was the leading edge of the object and the point was at the back. The UFO eventually moved away, but then returned. Crump noted “There it was in the sky, and it was not alone. There was another bright light below it above the trees. It was a tremendous bright light, brighter than any star or planet in the sky. There was a flashing light way up high. At first I thought it was a plane; there were planes in the area at this time. But I realized that it might be the blue ball that shot out of the ship.” Crump provided a sketch.


Later the same year, a Muskegon, Michigan newspaper, The Chronicle, ran a news article titled “Two see unidentified ‘triangle of lights’.” The article, dated April 28th, discussed two sightings of a triangular array of lights two days prior. Two separate witnesses had called in their reports to the newspaper.

One witness, a 54-year old Muskegon woman was walking her dog around 11:20 p.m. She noticed two red lights and a white light arranged in a triangular configuration hovering over Muskegon Lake. She added the lights appeared to be linked by a grey triangle with rounded corners. The lights were then observed to have separated with the white light shooting across the sky so fast the witness stated “I almost broke my neck tracking it.” The red lights then moved back and forth like pendulums before moving to the south.

Roughly 20 miles to the north, in Whitehall, another witness was walking his dog around the same time. The 49-year old man reported seeing three lights in the sky similar to the Muskegon witness – two red and one white. This witness stated the white light seemed to consist of three white lights in a triangular pattern. The lights were observed for approximately 3 minutes while they hovered silently. They then moved off and disappeared.

The Hucknall Dispatch of Nottingham, England published a sighting report involving a husband/wife sighting of a triangular UFO in their March 11th, 1994 issue. The man, who wished to remain anonymous, described the encounter he and his wife had in Bestwood Village (date not given). They were driving at the time of their sighting and saw the object “hanging in the sky.” They pulled to the side of the road and exited their vehicle to get a better look.

The man described the sighting “It had three lights in a triangular formation and seemed to be only 200 ft from the ground. It was big – about the size of a 747 airliner – and it had white, green, and red lights that were steady and very bright.” His wife was so amazed by what they were seeing that she fell to the ground in disbelief. Her husband observed the object’s underside as being grey in color that had a cross-ribbed pattern across it.

The object was described as being huge yet eerily silent. The object then began to move off slowly in the direction of Hucknall. Reportedly, it then accelerated at a high speed making a sharp change of direction while doing so. The object then disappeared to the south while never appearing to alter its altitude.

A similar object was observed in March of 1996 over Southport in Merseyside, England as reported in the March 8th edition of the Visitor. The title of the article was “Mystery in the evening skies – Was ‘Flying Triangle’ an alien craft over town?” The article described multiple UFO sightings by local residents.

A motorist observed an unusual object on March 1st around 6 p.m. when he drove past a nearby field. He stated “The thing was unreal. It was sort of triangle-shaped with a white light in each corner and a square green light in the middle. It remained motionless for at least five minutes. By that time several cars had stopped and the drivers and passengers were standing by their cars watching in amazement. Suddenly, the object started going round the field for a minute or two. Then it stopped and the lights gathered together. Now, it was just one big green light and, without warning, it just flew off.” This is yet one more example of these objects changing shape while under observation.

Another case from 1996 was documented in the March 15th edition of the Romford Recorder in Essex, England. This occurred just eight days after the sighting in Southport. On March 9th, a triangular UFO was observed by two groups of motorists around 10:50 p.m. in the area known as Gallows Corner. The object was described as being as large as a football pitch and having a white light at each corner with a pulsating orange light in the center of it. Three men were in one vehicle and an elderly couple in the other one. Both groups observed the object and drew similar sketches for local investigators.

In October 1996, another news article appeared entitled “Several sightings of ‘triangular, orange UFO’.” This was in the October 3rd edition of the Walthamstow Guardian of London, England. It detailed the sighting of a local man who sighted an orange triangular UFO on September 27th. More importantly, it referred to a wave of similar sightings in the greater London area over the past few weeks.

The triangle sightings over England continued with intensity for the years 1995 and 1996 but still continued to trickle in the subsequent years as well. The Post of Stafford recorded some of these reports in their April 9th, 1998 issue. The article is here quoted describing two reports:


“A new wave of UFO sightings have [sic] been reported by Stafford residents. Triangular shaped crafts with lights were spotted around the area between March 27 and 30. A black triangular object with a white light at each corner was seen over Pennycroft Flats, Stafford at 8:30 p.m. on April 30. It was travelling at about 2,500ft and completely noiseless.

In a separate incident at 8:30 p.m. on March 27 a similar craft, this time with red, blue and white lights, was spotted over the A51 (motorway). It was silent and travelling in a westerly direction at a very low height.”


Later in 1998, another article surfaced in the County Times of Welshpool, Wales. This news story, dated June 12th, was entitled “UFOs spotted near Llani.” The article goes on to state that three triangular-shaped objects were sighted simultaneously by a Newtown resident and his girlfriend while driving on June 5th. The man, Paul Best, is quoted in the article as follows:


“I saw three triangular-shaped planes, which were below the clouds, sometime after half past 10 in the evening. They were perfect triangles, with a round shape underneath. I got out of the car to watch them and for seven or eight minutes they were stationary, they weren’t even hovering it was like they were just stuck in the air. Then they started moving very, very slowly, before shooting off very quickly.”


Best stated they were unlike any aircraft he had seen before including pictures of the B2 Stealth Bomber. He added “They weren’t flying saucers. I didn’t have any sense of them being extra terrestrial [sic] or anything like that. I thought they were just really weird looking planes.”

This last comment is important in that the witness was not framing this as a UFO sighting per se. They were unidentified flying objects in the literal sense of the term, but he was not attributing them to anything beyond this. Rightly so, he thought these were aircraft of some unknown type.

In 1999, the area of Derbyshire, England was again being frequented by triangular UFOs based on the newspapers reports. The Belper News of March 24th ran an article entitled “ ‘Black wedge’ seen in skies over town.” It recounted the details of a series of sightings over the areas of Brinsley, Crich, and Belper. Again, a familiar observation was reported. The blunt end of the wedge was at the front of the object as it flew at an estimated 30 miles per hour. The object also reportedly had two bright white headlights.

One eyewitness interviewed was from Brinsley. He commented “I know that aerodynamically something of that shape should not be flying.” The day after his sighting, he overheard a woman describing the same object she apparently had sighted. In her case, she observed the object change from a diamond-shape into a triangular form.

The article also referenced veteran UFO researcher, Omar Fowler, who was leading the investigations into these reports along with his group, The Phenomenon Research Association. It should be noted that over the years leading up to this latest wave of sightings, Fowler and his team were doggedly investigating and cataloging similar reports stretching back through the 1990s.

While the American media attention was focused on southern Illinois and the January 5th, 2000 UFO incident, triangular UFOs continued to frequent the skies of England into the 21st century. The Rochdale Observer of Lancashire reported a detailed account in their July 5th, 2000 edition. The sighting occurred over Littleborough and the primary witness, Ceri Kenyon, was a resident there.

While walking home one evening (date not provided), he initially observed a flickering light in the sky. As he approached closer, he heard a strange buzzing sound and could clearly see a distinctly outlined object. He is quoted as follows:


I looked straight up at it and could see there were lots of red and blue lights. I could also hear a buzzing sound like a vacuum cleaner. From the underneath it was almost triangular in shape because the lights went around it. It was hovering above some flats and moving ever so slightly (see Ceri’s sketch).


As Ceri observed this, two other people appeared on the scene and observed the same thing. Ceri stated “I stopped two lads and asked them if they could see it. I asked them if it was just me but they said ‘no mate, there’s something up there’. He finally added “It looked like there was a kind of energy around it.” The lateral view of the object as sketched by Ceri resembles Melvern Noll’s UFO report from January 5th, 2000 regarding rectangular windows being observed.

One aspect of the article beyond the sighting report was a commentary by the late UFO researcher, Graham Birdsall. He stated “We have received a telephone call from someone in Manchester who saw a triangular object last month. We have been getting reports over the years of these so-called ‘flying triangles’ from all over the world. Some people think this is the latest stealth technology but wonder what it is doing over populated areas. These sightings are surely a matter of significance in terms of safety. These people on the ground who see them are not alone. There are people seeing them from the air and logging them.”

On September 28th, the Cannock Chase Post of Wolverhampton, England ran an article entitled “FLYING TRIANGLES OF THE CHASE.” The article stated “For the vast majority of people, any mention of the term UFO inevitably conjures up images of Flying Saucers and similar shaped objects. Over the course of the last few years, however, our investigations into the UFO mysteries of Cannock Chase have shown us that an increasing number of people are now reporting encounters with a distinctly different type of UFO – one that has become known as the Flying Triangle.”

The article then continued by discussing cases and researchers involved in their investigation including Omar Fowler who we referenced earlier. Finally, the newspaper article provided contact info for those who wished to report their own UFO sightings to the paper.

On December 21st, a follow-up article was published titled, “Tale of a Chase hi-tech triangle.” This article mentioned the influx of letters and correspondence they received as a result of their request for reports back in September. They indicated the UFO reports received covered the last 20 years for the surrounding area.

On such report involved a father and son who were driving at the time of their sighting. It was in the autumn of 1985 around 8:30 p.m. As they rounded a bend in the road, they saw a large, black, triangular-shaped object stationary in the sky. The distance from the object was estimated to be 100 feet. The estimated altitude was a mere 150 feet. The object had a bright light at each point of the triangle.

The two exited their vehicle and observed this spectacle. The silent object maintained a stationary position for some time over some trees. Suddenly, the object shot away at an incredible speed. The father and son then quickly headed home where they contacted the police to report their sighting.

From 2007 to 2011, reports of triangular UFOs were occasionally reported in the Express & Star of Wolverhampton, England. One of the earliest reports referred to the UFO as resembling a huge “Dorito” crisp or snack chip due to its triangular shape. From this point on, it would be referenced as the “Dorito UFO.” During this timeframe, reports trickled in from the areas of Halesowen, Stourbridge, Bushbury, Wollaston, Wallows Wood, Wednesfield, Dudley, Tipton, Boldmere, Oldbury, Clent, and Kidderminster. In all cases, the object was described as triangular.

Regarding more recent reports, it might be assumed that more triangular UFO sightings occur in England versus other countries. Indeed, a large percentage of reports derive from there. However, many similar sightings have occurred in the United States as well. However, the media in the United Kingdom appear to be more open to reporting the subject than their American counterparts.

Progressively over the years, there have been fewer newspaper reports in the United States that focus on UFO sightings. This may be partly due to the decreasing number of actual newspapers still in publication. In cases where stories are printed, the news articles often focus on UFO researchers or conventions as opposed to the UFO sightings themselves. Of course they are still reported, but to a much lesser degree than in the U.K.

In relation to this, it should be mentioned there is a shortage of triangular UFO reports coming from non-English speaking countries. Over time, I hope to secure contacts in these countries and establish an information exchange system. In a small number of cases, it has been demonstrated that triangular UFOs are sighted and reported. One example was from our Project Blue Book review involving a report from Indonesia in 1957. I would suspect the lack of reports is not indicative of a lack of sightings. Rather, it may be attributed to simple language barriers making it difficult to obtain such reports.

As referenced earlier in the book, one of the largest collections of raw UFO sighting reports in North America, if not the world, is the long-standing National UFO Reporting Center (www.ufocenter.com) based in Washington State. Peter Davenport serves as its Director. Peter has worked tirelessly for over 17 years day-in and day-out without a salary to document UFO sighting reports. I have known and worked with Peter on past UFO cases since 1995 and am proud to call him my friend and colleague. He is truly one of the most underrated individuals in the field of UFO research today.

Peter has graciously allowed me to share the following cases courtesy of The National UFO Reporting Center. These serve as some of the more dramatic and detailed reports in Peter’s files regarding triangular UFOs:


THE PALOUSE, EASTERN WASHINGTON, DECEMBER 29, 1994 @ 21:45 HRS. (PDT)

A mother was driving home along Highway 127 with her six children, headed to their home in the town of La Crosse, Washington, located in the wheat growing region of southeastern Washington State (south of Spokane).

Since it was already late at night, the mother decided to take a shortcut by turning northwest onto Zaring Cutoff Road, in lieu of continuing east to Dusty, Washington, thereby reducing the remaining mileage home by approximately eight miles. Little did the mother realize at the time how fateful a decision she had just made!

As the family proceeded northwest on Zaring Cutoff Road, the mother looked off to her right, and noticed three very bright yellow lights that seemed to be out in the middle of a large field. She commented to her children what bright lights those “18 wheelers” had, momentarily overlooking the fact that large trucks do not operate in the middle of snow covered fields in late December!

Her children quickly responded that the lights were not attached to trucks at all, but rather, they were something quite different. The mother glanced back at the lights, and immediately realized that her children were correct, and that she was looking at something that she had never seen before. Curious as to what the three strange objects were, she stopped her car on the highway, shut off the engine, and rolled down the driver’s window.

Within seconds of having stopped the car, the mother realized that they were all looking at three triangular craft, each of which appeared to have “stubby wings,” and each of which had a very bright light on its nose which shone on the ground ahead of the craft.

The three objects, which moved slowly in front of the car from right to left, passed over the highway and into the field on the witnesses’ left side. No sooner had they done that, than all three, as if on the same command, rotated approximately ninety degrees in the horizontal plane, and began moving parallel with the highway, so they were now moving in the opposite direction that the car was pointing! In addition, the objects seemed to have kept their original, and unwavering, formation, relative to one another!

The mother was badly frightened by the spectacle unfolding before her eyes, but there was not a thing she could do but watch and try to record the facts of the event.

As the objects passed down the left side of and above the family’s vehicle, the mother had a very clear and close-up view of the three objects. She could see that each of the craft appeared to have a type of “window,” or “louver,” on the ventral part of its fuselage, from which a peculiar blue-colored light was seen. In addition, she could detect a peculiar “whining,” or “buzzing” sound that emanated from, she thought, the same window. The mother likened the sound to that of a refrigerator motor, or a hydraulic pump, running at high speed.

After the objects had disappeared from sight, the mother started her vehicle, and proceeded to their home in La Crosse, Washington.

Two days after the incident, the mother telephone the National UFO Reporting Center UFO Hotline, and provided a detailed report of the sighting. Toward the end of that conversation, she admitted that she had been so frightened by the incident she was unable to force herself to go outside after dark, out of fear that she might see the objects again!


KIRKLAND, WASHINGTON, DECEMBER 03RD, 1998, @ 23:30 HRS. (PACIFIC)

After attending the opera at the Seattle Center, two adult women drove back to Kirkland, Washington, located on the east side of Lake Washington, where both of them resided.

After the driver had dropped off her friend, she proceeded to drive toward her own home. When she was just a block or two north of her home, the woman noticed a strange cluster of five lights in the night sky to the south. Two of the lights were large and white, with an equally large red light between and behind them. Also, there were two much smaller lights on either side of the larger lights in the center.

As she continued driving toward her neighborhood, the woman continued to keep an eye on the peculiar lights. The lights seemed to be drawing closer to her, and the driver became increasingly alarmed. Frightened by the presence of this threatening object, the woman suddenly accelerated her car; quickly turned into her driveway; and pulled into the garage hoping to conceal herself from the bizarre object, as quickly as possible.

However, as she pulled into her driveway, she was able to look upward at the object just as it passed overhead. What she saw appeared to be a dark, equilateral triangle with two large white lights close to the leading vertex of the triangle and a large red light located between, and slightly behind, those two white lights. Two smaller white lights were located on either side of the three larger lights and close to the trailing vertices of the triangle.

The woman reported the sighting to the National UFO Reporting Center shortly after the event had occurred. She emphasized how genuinely bizarre the object was and the fact that it seemed to be absolutely silent as it passed overhead. It was not a commercial airliner or military aircraft, she was certain.

The witness was flabbergasted by the event and reported it to the National UFO Reporting Center telephone hotline on the night of the sighting.


CHALLIS, IDAHO, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 2000, @ 21:45 HRS. (MDT)

Four adult males, all experienced outdoorsmen, were camped at a rural hunting site near Challis, Idaho where they had camped almost annually over the previous two decades. The purpose of their trip was to survey the area for game in preparation for the upcoming Idaho big game hunting season.

At approximately 21:45 hours, after the men had spent the evening viewing video footage of animals they had encountered and photographed earlier in the day, one of the four men exited the trailer and walked to his pick-up truck to retrieve food from a food locker for dinner.

As he placed his foot on the rear tire of the truck, and swung up onto the truck bed, his small “Mini-Mag” flashlight swept across the night sky suddenly illuminating something directly above him! The witness instantly glanced upward and was flabbergasted to see a strange looking, massive, dark, triangular-shaped object sitting motionless above him! It was so massive that it seemed to blanket the entire campsite!

The witness was so shocked by what he was looking at that he fell back down to the ground and, lying on his back, started yelling for the others to come out of the trailer immediately!

Two of the men inside, one of them the younger brother of the first witness, rushed out of the trailer thinking that their colleague was perhaps being attacked by a bear. Just as they exited the trailer, lights on the strange craft above camp turned on making the object much more visible and prominent in the night sky than it had been just seconds earlier. The three witnesses stood seemingly mesmerized by the object hovering above them!

Then it began to slowly and silently move away from their camp and headed toward a nearby range of mountains. The men quickly retrieved high-quality binoculars from their trucks which permitted them to discern fine detail on the craft and to follow it closely as it glided toward the nearby mountains. When it arrived at the side of mountains, the object tipped its nose upward and it slowly ascended up the side of the mountain. When it reached the top of the mountain, it tipped forward; passed over the mountain; and disappeared from their sight.

The men sat in camp discussing for an hour or so what they had just witnessed. The two brothers decided that they were not going to spend another night at that campsite! They loaded their hunting rifles; climbed into their truck; and drove for more than an hour and a half to the nearest town, Challis, Idaho. Once there, they rented a motel room and spent the night.

The next morning, the two brothers, one of whom was a licensed pilot, contacted the Boise, Idaho office of the Federal Aviation Administration, and recounted their story to an employee of that agency who seemed to address the matter seriously.

Later that same afternoon, the two brothers drove back to the camp not knowing what to expect. As they approached the camp, they were surprised to see a U. S. Air Force F-16 fighter jet pass over the general area.

They were relieved to find the camp to be in the same condition it had been the night before and to find their two hunting companions still alive and well. However, the two men who had remained in the camp reported that earlier that morning a USAF F-16 jet fighter had flown directly over the camp at extremely high speed. It appeared to follow the same pathway that the triangular craft had followed during the previous evening! That first aircraft had flown over approximately one hour after the two brothers had recounted to the FAA what had occurred the night before causing them to wonder whether the over-flights were a result of their having reported their sighting to the FAA earlier that morning.


I wish to extend my thanks again to Peter Davenport and the National UFO Reporting Center for sharing these accounts. As demonstrated by this sampling, the working profile established earlier in the book is reinforced by these reports. There is overall continuity in the narratives themselves despite minor variances. However, the December 29th, 1994 Washington State sighting is an example of how some triangular UFO reports deviate from the straightforward equilateral or elongated triangle shape. Some reports mention appendages or slight variations in the basic triangular design as evidenced in this case.

Again, I do not rule out the possibility that some triangular UFO reports may be attributed to advanced military aircraft resembling the basic triangular shape. However, in this Washington case, the ability of these three craft that “rotated approximately ninety degrees in the horizontal plane” is suggestive of non-traditional propulsion technologies.

Another example of a triangular UFO report that does not fit the established profile derives from a highly-publicized UFO case. The case is often referred to as the “Rendlesham Forest Incident” or the “Bentwaters-Woodbridge Incident.” Without going into too much detail due to the intricacies of the case and due to much already being written about it, the series of incidents involved multiple UFOs being reported by military and civilians in and around the Bentwaters-Woodbridge Air Bases in Suffolk, England in late December 1980. Both bases were nestled in an area known as Rendlesham Forest. Stationed there were members of the RAF as well as United States Air Force personnel.

Of particular note was the sighting by one of the American servicemen of a relatively small triangular UFO that was observed hovering just above the ground. He was not only able to see the object, but was able to walk up and touch it.

He had a notebook with him at the time of the sighting and noted the following: “'Triangular in shape. The top portion is producing mainly white light which encompasses most of the upper section of the craft. A small amount of white light is appearing from what appears to be the bottom of the craft. At the left side is a bluish light. And on the other side is red. The lights seem to be molded as part of the exterior of the structure.” The silent object reportedly was nine feet wide by nine feet tall. When the serviceman touched the object it felt like “black glass.” He wrote an additional note: “On this smooth exterior shell, there is writing of some kind. I'm not sure what it is. Size 3-inch lettering. (It) may be symbols that stretch for a length of 2 feet. Maybe a little more.” He added that the symbols appeared to be “etched or engraved” into the object.

For a full forty-five minutes, the serviceman walked around the entire craft; sketched the object; took at least 35 black and white photographs; before the thing began to elevate a few feet above the ground. It then proceeded to maneuver its way through the woods for approximately 25 to 30 meters. It then hovered momentarily before rising roughly 250 feet above the treetops. Then, it abruptly just disappeared. The serviceman’s notes survived. However, the photographs were submitted to the base’s photo lab never to be seen again.

This is just one of a series of bizarre UFO incidents that occurred in Rendlesham Forest in December of 1980. The reader is encouraged to research this case further, if interested. Much has been written on the subject. However, this brief review serves to illustrate yet one more triangular UFO report that does not conform to the typical profile we are familiar with. If and how these variants relate to the more standardized reports is a question that remains unknown. However, it demonstrates that not all triangular UFO reports are homogeneous in nature.

I understand these accounts, like so many others we reviewed, are based on eyewitness testimony. Such information is not always 100% accurate. There are limitations to visual perception, interpretation, as well as recollection. That being said, this same eyewitness testimony can be used in a court of law to help convict someone of a violent crime. So either eyewitness testimony is valid or it isn’t. Where do we draw the line?

Personally, I find it difficult to accept that all of the testimony we have reviewed can be dismissed as misidentifications, hallucinations, and outright lies. If just one of the cases we reviewed occurred exactly as described, then we are dealing with a genuine mystery. Individually, we all must weigh the evidence and develop our own conclusions.

However, our chronological review now brings us to the current time period. Faced with this phenomenon, what steps can be taken to deal with the situation? Unfortunately, as individuals and civilians, there is not much that can be done. Maintaining an open mind towards the subject is the best option available.

It should be added that there is nothing constructive that can come from true “UFO believers” who accept every story as fact and promulgate conspiracy theories and develop a quasi-religion out of the phenomenon. Within the UFO research field itself, there has developed a central belief system that many adhere to involving crashed UFOs, government cover-ups, alien abductions, joint military/alien operations, etc. Regardless of any validity that one might ascribe to these topics, individuals who question any one aspect of these may be considered subversive or part of the “government UFO cover-up” themselves. The overriding mentality is one of blind faith and acceptance of every UFO case that presents itself, regardless of how outlandish it appears.

Conversely, the ardent skeptics contribute little of value either. Their attitude is to simply take a contrary position against anything UFO-related. Most of the so-called “skeptics” typically do not engage in actual investigations and resort to tactics involving character assassination of the witnesses whom they have often never met. These skeptics will usually make generalized statements that often have little or no bearing on a case. The prosaic explanations for UFO sightings offered by them usually only fit some of the facts in a given case while ignoring others.

Specific to the triangular UFO mystery, many skeptics have advanced the notion that modern-day UFOs are being described as triangular due to the influence of science-fiction television programs in the 1990s (e.g., The X-Files, Dark Skies, etc.). However, as our historical examination has shown, triangular UFO reports pre-date these television shows by decades at the very least. The actual UFO sightings occurred – then the television shows followed. It is yet another example of art imitating life. The same was true of the classic flying saucer reports of the late1940s and 1950s. Skeptics made the same arguments that these reports were inspired by Hollywood movies. However, the fact of the matter is that “saucer” sightings occurred first followed by their big screen counterparts.

I do not mean to suggest being skeptical is not warranted. It is a pre-requisite in order to approach the subject objectively. Some criticisms made by skeptics have been valid over the years and have illustrated errors or invalid assumptions on the part of UFO investigators. Healthy skepticism coupled with an open mind is the formula for serious investigation into this elusive subject matter.

Again, as stated at the beginning of this book, I consider myself as one who is skeptical yet open-minded. I am not alone in this category. Despite the percentages of “UFO believers” and “skeptics” that pervade this area of study, it should be noted there is still a large percentage of individuals who are somewhere in the middle of this continuum. They do not fall into the mindset of outright acceptance or rejection of the phenomenon. These are educated, logical individuals who have taken the time to evaluate the material and have followed a process of deduction.

In this process, many UFO reports have been evaluated and rejected based on lack of evidence; misidentifications; hoaxes; inconsistencies in the report; the questionable character of the reporting eyewitness; or the inability to verify the identity of the reporting eyewitness.

Likewise, many other UFO reports may pass this evaluation process and be deemed credible. Each UFO investigator or organization may have their own set of criteria that determines this. Unfortunately, there is a lack of uniformity in evaluation criteria within the field. Regardless, any seasoned UFO investigator will admit the best thing we can say regarding a UFO case, assuming all prosaic explanations have been ruled out, is that the UFO appears to be a genuine “unknown.” We cannot say what the UFO actually was; we can only state what it was not.

This frustrates many investigators, but we must be honest with ourselves and the general public. In cases where a UFO has been investigated and conventional explanations eliminated as the cause, people will press you to say what you think it was. I have always stated “There is no shame in saying ‘We don’t know’.” We cannot fall into the slippery slope of speculation that leads absolutely nowhere. We must only go where the facts lead us. It is this overriding philosophy in conjunction with our review of case material that leads us to the next step.

Having reviewed the body of evidence, we now need to examine the possibilities and ramifications of what all of this means. Like this book’s namesake, the 1948 Estimate of the Situation, this report will now provide conclusions and recommendations based on the available material reviewed. These are written in accordance with an analyst’s report being submitted to official military/government authorities on the subject as a briefing paper.


===========================================================================
Chapter 11: Conclusion


Discussion:


These triangular UFO reports are not ambiguous, like the majority of UFOs over the years, involving simple “lights-in-the-sky.” These are apparently structured craft of appreciable size. They appear to defy physics as we know it. The overall consistency in reports over decades indicates a specific subset of UFOs. Their worldwide distribution cannot be ignored and rules out simple hoaxes as a valid explanation. Numerous multiple-witness cases rules out hallucinations as a plausible explanation. Low-altitude flights of these objects moving below cloud cover rules out astronomical explanations (e.g., meteors). Objects hover and move slowly similar to blimps, but perform flight dynamics (e.g., rapid acceleration from stationary position) unlike the most advanced aircraft known to us. Absence of sonic booms when tracked visually and by radar exceeding the sound barrier remains unexplained. Radar confirmation exists in some cases to bolster eyewitness reports. Behaviors of the objects suggest intelligent control (e.g., evasive maneuvers and interaction with observers). Behaviors also suggest reticence to appear openly as suggested by the predominance of nighttime sightings. Absence of noise and exhaust suggests non-traditional propulsion system (e.g., not combustion-based). Absence of landing traces is notable as well as related physical effects to surrounding objects with only few exceptions, despite very low flight observations (e.g., a few feet above the ground). Definitive photographic or video evidence requires further exploration. Imagery captured thus far has not proven conclusive.

The military explanation for the source of the objects is not supported by the evidence due to the long history of reports coupled with the fact the objects do not appear to improve technologically over time. Reports are strangely consistent over decades. This does not compare to typical aircraft design and development that shows a progression of technological advancement over time. If military in origin, what was the planned mission of this craft? If designed for military use, why in the last several decades have there never been reports of these objects being observed in military theater operations? If military in origin, logistical questions come into play. Where are these large craft being housed? Why is there an absence of reports involving take-offs and landings? How many technicians, engineers, support teams would be required to maintenance these craft on a regular basis? If originating from the United States, are we operating these craft over populated areas of foreign nations without their permission? Are we operating in commercial airspace without authorization as in the Manchester Airport air-miss incident of January 6th, 1995?

It is inconceivable that advanced top secret military aircraft would be flown over populated areas and in commercial airspace. The risk to the secrecy of such projects, the military assets involved, and safety of citizens rules this out altogether. Any claims to the contrary must have supporting evidence. Unfounded claims made by so-called “insiders” who worked on military projects involving triangular craft cannot be accepted at face value. These individuals must offer evidence of these claims.


Conclusions:


These are craft of unknown origin. We appear to be confronted with something other than human technology, therefore the implications are profound. The objects may be spatial, temporal, or dimensional in origin.

From a military perspective, given the volume of testimony and technological confirmation in some cases, attention must be given to this subset of UFO reports, if not the subject in general. Unknown aircraft of superior design and operation moving at will through secured airspaces and in proximity to military bases (e.g., Scott AFB) should be considered of importance to national security until proven otherwise. The default position military officials should maintain regarding this subject is one of vigilance. We should be on guard despite the fact the data suggests these objects do not appear to be overtly hostile in intent. However, in not knowing what their ultimate goal(s) may be, it cannot be assumed their past benign behaviors will always be status quo. The possibility exists for a change in their modus operandi at any time based on variables we can only imagine.

Such a potential threat should mandate that contingency plans are in place on the part of our military. Futile though this may seem, given the apparent technological gap between us and this outside intelligence, defense strategies should be established. In conjunction with this, plans to maximize public education and minimize public panic should be an integral part of this contingency plan. Preemptive efforts might be considered to gradually acclimate the public to the reality of UFOs and their existence to minimize the potential damage done to the collective psyche were such a phenomenon to suddenly and overtly present itself.

Conversely, the public position towards the subject on the part of government and military leaders should be one of disinterest. This is to avoid the potential fear that could be generated by any form of public endorsement or validation of the phenomenon, until such a time when hard facts and additional insights into the phenomenon are established. The subject cannot be acknowledged publicly until military leaders have a full understanding of what they are dealing with, in addition to the related sociological ramifications. In the interim, the policy should be to control the perception of the phenomenon, since the phenomenon itself cannot be managed.


Recommendations:


• Coordinate a centralized collection system of worldwide UFO reports and data

• Establish multi-disciplinary scientific teams to evaluate UFO information

• Develop an inter-agency intelligence group to assess the UFO situation

• Create protocol for military interaction with UFOs

• Examine scenarios for eventual public education and acknowledgment of the phenomenon


These are my conclusions and recommendations, based on the systematic review of the material. Whereas the recommendations for government and military officials are presented as hypothetical policies and procedures, some believe these mechanisms are already in place by various governments to manage the phenomenon.

While military officials may make plans and remain vigilant, these sightings continue to occur. With each new witness observing these strange craft, another person’s life is affected in a deeply profound way. I have interviewed many UFO eyewitnesses who have stated to me point blank “If you came in here a year ago saying you investigated UFOs, I would have told you there’s the door.” They would then state that, despite having little or no interest in the subject previously, they saw something that they can’t explain and now they need to re-evaluate this whole subject, themselves, and the world they live in. It borders on a religious experience for many people in that it is extremely transformative. For some, it creates a paradigm-shift. They rarely view the world the same way subsequent to such an event.

This brings us to the subject of proof. Merriam-Webster defines proof as: (a) the cogency of evidence that compels acceptance by the mind of a truth or a fact; (b) the process or an instance of establishing the validity of a statement especially by derivation from other statements in accordance with principles of reasoning

Therefore, proof is based on evidence. But Merriam-Webster defines evidence as: (a) an outward sign : indication (b) something that furnishes proof : testimony; specifically: something legally submitted to a tribunal to ascertain the truth of a matter.

Evidence itself can be a subjective term for many people. The sighting of a UFO by someone may constitute enough evidence for them to accept the reality of UFOs. Obviously, this may not mean much to you or others, though. I consider this “personal evidence.” Then there are scenarios that may involve multiple witness sightings and radar tracking data. This would be an example of “circumstantial evidence.” Compelling though this is, it doesn’t mean much to the scientists at-large. They are looking for “hard evidence.” This consists of physical materials and data that can be analyzed and measured by multiple laboratories where results can be verified and replicated.

This is how science operates. It is a commendable pursuit and approach. Certainly, the weight of evidence is measured differently in the scientific world than that of our legal systems. However, the scientific method is based on the premise that we can control all variables when examining any given subject matter. It assumes that “we” are superior to the world we live in and the things we study.

Well, how does the traditional scientific method apply to the subject of UFOs? In my humble opinion, it doesn’t. First of all, we are not sure what we are dealing with regarding the subject of UFOs. The parameters of the phenomenon are unknown to us. Beyond this, how do we identify the variables associated with such a mysterious phenomenon? Further still, if we are dealing with a superior intelligence, we are clearly not in control of the situation. Finally, the question remains “How far in advance could this ‘intelligence’ be of us?”

The estimated age of the universe is considered to be 13.75 billion years old. The estimated age of the Earth is 4.54 billion years old. In relation, the estimated age of early humans (Homo habilis) is only 2.3 million years old. When examining the universe and our place in its history, is it really that implausible that intelligent beings could exist that are thousands if not millions of years ahead of us in technology? Being conservative, let’s ask ourselves “What would technology look like to us that is in advance of ours by a thousand years?”

Before we even begin to speculate on that point, take into consideration the advancements in our own technology over the last 100+ years. The Wright brothers made the first controlled, powered and sustained heavier than air flight, on December 17, 1903. Fast forward to April 12, 1961 when Yuri Gagarin, became the first human to go into outer space and orbit the Earth. Then on July 20, 1976 the Viking 1 Lander touched down on the surface of the planet Mars. This is just one series of examples.

We could also look at how methods of communication have advanced over the same period of time. How would the first users of the telephone in the 1890s respond if presented with cellular smart phone technology from the 21st century? These are recent advancements in the grand scheme of time. Imagine the possibilities of what our technology will look like in another hundred years or thousand years. Getting back to the topic at-hand, what amazing things could exist created by an alien culture in advance of our own by one thousand years? Is it really that amazing to speculate on space travel by such a race? After all, in our short history, how many manned and unmanned space explorations we have developed and deployed?

If faced with visitors from outside our world potentially thousands of years in advance of our own, how would their technology appear to us? Our primitive scientists would pose logical arguments based on physics as we know it to deny their existence, since they cannot explain it in conventional terms. What they cannot explain – they refute. Rather than embracing the phenomenon as true scientists and objectively investigating it, they dismiss the subject matter a priori. This is a situation that has plagued the subject of UFOs for decades with certain exceptions to this rule.

There have been some courageous scientists who have delved into this subject matter – consequences be damned! Of course, there was Dr. J. Allen Hynek who was the Scientific Consultant to the U.S. Air Force’s Project Blue Book for many years until its termination in 1969. Others have included Dr. James E. McDonald, Dr. Jacques Vallee, and Dr. Peter Sturrock to name just a few.

It is interesting to note that in the 1950s and1960s, ideas began to develop within UFO circles that perhaps the UFOs do not come from some other planet, but perhaps some other dimension of reality. Mainstream scientists scoffed at the idea and used it to illustrate the folly of UFO researchers and their lunatic theories. However, with the passage of time, many of today’s scientists are not laughing at the idea of multiple dimensions co-existing with our own. As science has developed, so too have many scientists in their thinking and approach towards UFOs. Some have acknowledged the possibilities of UFOs in relation to the new physics such as string theory, wormholes, etc.

A double-standard exists today regarding the idea of UFOs and extra-terrestrial life. Mainstream science embraces the idea that life may exist elsewhere in the universe. In fact, that idea is the driving force currently behind many unmanned space missions. In addition, there are various SETI (Search for Extra-Terrestrial Intelligence) programs currently active. These are based on the premise that if there is life elsewhere in the universe, perhaps they have used radio waves or similar communication at one time or another. If so, then we can use radio telescopes to listen for these non-random electro-magnetic patterns against the general background noise of the universe. This concept is certainly a valid and noble one. I personally encourage their efforts.

However, whereas SETI projects are held in high regard and garner scientific recognition; UFO research is relegated to the “fringe element.” SETI programs in one form or another have been active for decades going back to the 1960s. Yet these programs have nothing to show for their efforts. No signals have yet been detected that confirm intelligent life in the universe. I must emphasize, this should not be construed as a rationale for closure of such projects. Again, I support their continued endeavors with the hope of eventual success.

Conversely, despite decades of valid case material, science and the media to a large extent have ignored or ridiculed the UFO subject matter and those associated with it. This is ironic, considering at the core of it all, we are all striving for the same thing – confirmation of intelligent life beyond our own. We share the dream if not the methodology. But there exists a rift between these two groups that is predicated on the fundamental notion of where extraterrestrial life exists.

SETI groups operate under the notion that intelligent life could exist out there in the universe, but they couldn’t possibly be visiting Earth. UFO researchers concede that intelligent life could exist in the universe, but add that it is also a distinct possibility those same intelligences could be monitoring/visiting our planet given the age of the universe relative to that of Earth’s. As previously discussed, extra-terrestrial life could exist and be thousands or millions of years ahead of us in technology. We simply cannot ignore this possibility.

I have worked in the medical field for fifteen years and have seen an ever-growing trend towards multi-disciplinary approaches towards remedying disease states and illnesses. Rather than taking a one prong approach to curing a patient; physicians are looking at various treatment modalities to be done in conjunction with one another. Why can’t we utilize this same philosophy regarding the study of extra-terrestrial life? Why can’t we have SETI programs that have public/private funding as well as UFO research that can be equally supported? Why don’t we actively pursue both avenues of research and hold them in equally high regard? It is just a thought.

Where we stand today in reference to triangular UFOs and the UFO subject as a whole is just a stepping stone in our examination of this phenomenon. Hopefully, this book serves a small role in gaining insights and understanding into the mystery by focusing specifically on one particular subgroup of UFOs. Questions remain as to the relationship, if any, of these triangular UFOs relative to the others of varying description. Each person who reviews this material can make their own conclusions. However, at the very least, we must acknowledge the possibility of a tangible reality behind this mystery.

Using the field of archaeology as an analogy, the age of humankind on this planet continues to be dated earlier into antiquity as we discover new fossil evidence. The field of UFOlogy is no different. As new information comes to the surface, we will need to examine the information with a critical eye and determine its validity. In addition, such information may force us to re-examine previously-held ideas and beliefs concerning the subject matter.

Until hard UFO evidence is presented for the general public’s consumption (e.g., actual UFO or parts thereof), this mystery will continue. However, the thirst for understanding is there and will continue to fuel the investigations and research until the day when a better understanding is made of this most intriguing phenomenon.

Perhaps one day we will have definitive answers.


===========================================================================
Chapter 12: Thoughts From Other Researchers


I felt that a proper way to conclude our “estimate” was to have a number of credible UFO researchers share their insights into the triangular UFO mystery. Certainly, despite my years of experience and research in this field of inquiry, I do not have a firm understanding of what we are truly dealing with and look to others for input and new perspectives. Like any field of scientific study, I believe it must be a collaborative effort. To that end, I share the following thoughts from some of my friends and colleagues:


Richard M. Dolan, UFO Historian


For decades, generations, and probably more, UFOs have constituted a great unexplained phenomenon that even today we struggle to comprehend. After accounting for the vagaries of human perception, the inevitable misunderstandings that arise due to various natural phenomena, and all the other factors that may cause an honest human being to misinterpret an unusual event, we are left with a staggering number of genuine, unexplained things traversing the skies, the oceans, and even Earth's orbit.

It is not merely that these objects, assuming that is what they are, don't fit into our standard political and technological history. Because they don't. But they also defy our current, albeit conventional, understanding of science. I say conventional because there are several leading-edge, unconventional scientific theories that may well explain the bulk of this phenomenon. But without a doubt, a genuine understanding of UFOs promises to turn much of our previously held collective reality on its head.

Within this grand mystery, an important subset has arisen. This is the phenomenon of the triangles. It's not that there were no triangular UFOs being recorded during the early years – by early, I mean the immediate post-World War II era. There were a few, but only a few. Amid the several UFO designs that were noted even back then, triangles were simply one variation, something that researchers did not think too much about. Far more prevalent were the disk-shaped objects. That is, the saucers.

There was a definite increase in reports of triangular UFOs during the 1970s. Most significantly was a brief wave of well-observed triangles over in North Carolina in 1975. For the remainder of the decade, sporadic reports were made throughout many regions of the United States. It may well be that most triangular UFOs happened to be in America, but we should remember that the United States had by far the best UFO reporting system at the time. Realistically, we will never know how many people saw such triangles back then, especially beyond American borders.

It was during the early 1980s that the triangles -- and boomerang-shaped craft -- became big news among UFO researchers. The objects were enormous, highly visible to thousands of witnesses, and, most amazing, were appearing just north of the New York City metropolitan area. So much for UFOs appearing only to hillbilly farmers who drink too much moonshine. Indeed, throughout the decade, perfectly triangular craft were being seen and recorded in many other places, most notably Pennsylvania, California, the American South, and the United Kingdom.

The thing about perfectly triangular craft is quite simple: they are not supposed to exist. Just like other forms of UFOs, these things do not officially exist within the fleet of any known civilian or military agency. Within the last few years, it is true that there have been a few drone aircraft that look triangular in shape. But this is a very recent development, since around 2010 or so. And even so, none of the known drones are perfectly triangular.

Also, just like other types of UFOs, these triangles are occasionally observed to perform maneuvers that defy explanation. How is it possible for a hovering craft instantly to accelerate rapidly away, and to do so silently? This has been observed a number of times.

In fact, there have been several scientific attempts to explain such propulsion technologies, most notably by the late NASA scientist Paul Hill in his classic work, Unconventional Flying Objects: A Scientific Analysis. Hill hypothesized that the UFOs so many people have observed use a form of gravity cancellation, the power source for which unfortunately he could not identify. Yet, the math seemed valid in that, with enough energy, an electrogravitic effect could explain most, if not all, of the performance capabilities of UFOs. There is no reason the triangles should be seen any differently in this respect.

Certainly one of the most interesting questions concerning the triangles is who is making them? Even though there are no known aircraft like them, some people have suspected them to be a secret American project.

There is some evidence supporting this belief. In August 1989, a former Royal Observer Corps member was working on a North Sea gas rig about sixty miles off the Norfolk coast. This man, named Chris Gibson, was one of the world’s experts in aircraft recognition. He even competed in international recognition tournaments and was writing an aircraft recognition manual at the time of his sighting. What he saw that day was a matte black aircraft, shaped in a perfect isosceles triangle, with the nose angle at 30 degrees, in a refueling operation with a KC-135. Two F-111 fighters accompanied the craft. The triangular craft was slightly larger than an F-111. Aviation writer Bill Sweetman noted that “no aircraft other than a supersonic vehicle, or a test aircraft for such a vehicle, has ever been built or studied with such a planform.”

As a result, some people attributed this sighting to the fabled Aurora, the alleged hypersonic successor to the world’s "fastest" plane, the SR-71 Blackbird. Of course, the Aurora never flew, or even existed, officially, but the rumor mill gave it dimensions that were compatible with what Gibson saw.

But given that the Aurora, or something like it, ever existed, was that really what Gibson saw? And could that possibly have been the craft that buzzed Belgium in 1989-1990, or was responsible for the Hudson Valley sightings? Hardly. The craft observed in those places were seen to hover, accelerate instantly, and (on one occasion recorded by the Belgian military) rapidly change altitude.

There are also rumors of the TR-3A and TR-3B, called the Black Manta. According to some claims, it is a tactical reconnaissance aircraft that was first operational in the early 1990s, funded and tasked by the NRO, NSA, and CIA. Furthermore, it has been claimed that the TR-3B has something called a Magnetic Field Disruptor, which is a circular, highly pressurized, mercury-based plasma filled ring surrounding a rotatable crew compartment. The plasma is accelerated to extreme speeds, which is said to result in “gravity disruption,” and can neutralize the effect of gravity on mass by as much as 89 percent. Thus, it could have an indefinite loiter time at high altitudes, and the ability to travel as fast as Mach 9.

Of course, all of this is alleged, none counts as evidence. Does the Black Manta really exist? Or is it all nothing more than hearsay? Is it possible that the black-budget world actually has such technology?

Certainly, many doubts remain, but I do believe that the U.S. military has some sort of flying triangle, perhaps several types.

Even so, it is a long stretch to argue that all of the triangle reports can be attributed to "our" technology. Frankly, many of these craft do not appear to come from any conceivable terrestrial source.

After all, how far back could we push the technology to account for triangles? Could the Black Manta -- even assuming it exists -- have been responsible for the Belgian sightings of 1989 and 1990? And even if that were so, what does one make of the Hudson Valley sightings, which are earlier still? And the earlier reports still, many of which are recounted by David Marler's research. At what point do we move from the improbable, to the implausible, to the ridiculous?

No matter what the ultimate answer is behind the mystery of the triangles, to say nothing of the greater mystery of UFOs, it is easy to see why the subject is marked by such silence and obfuscation from our political leadership. For this is an explosive issue, and the opening of this door will inevitably lead to ever more questions being asked, ever more doors opening.


Mark Rodeghier, Scientific Director, Center for UFO Studies


UFOs have been reported with a myriad of shapes, including ones that make absolutely no aerodynamic sense, such as a rectangular box, or flying pyramids. This proliferation of shapes has been a continuing puzzle, and although human error undoubtedly contributes to some uncertainty in specific instances, the general point that UFOs are far from standardized is certainly correct.

Among the more common forms, triangular- or boomerang-shaped UFOs have been a category that has long had a potential connection with terrestrial technology, however unlikely. We know that the Nazis in World War II were actively developing triangular aircraft, specifically the fabled Horten brothers flying wing. And after the war, with that aircraft as design inspiration, the Northrop Corporation developed the YB-49, an American version of the flying wing. This aircraft actually flew, albeit with various technical difficulties, and so never went into full production.

Unlike flying wing designs, the disk-shaped UFO, which was the most common until the 1980s, has never had any serious competition among manmade aircraft. The most ‘advanced’ design was the Avro VZ-9 Avrocar, developed in Canada, which definitely looked like a classic flying saucer. But in contrast to the reported flight capabilities of UFOs, the Avrocar was barely able to lift off the ground, and never was a serious flying machine.

In later years, the US Air Force developed the F-117 Stealth Fighter and the B-2 Stealth Bomber, both descendants of the flying wing designs, in spirit if not in technical details. And these aircraft are very capable, if not able to match the maneuvers reported in some UFO sightings.

What this history has meant for reports of triangular UFOs is that it has been just possible to believe that some of these reports, especially in more recent years, are caused by hi-tech, very secret, technology developed on Earth. The same has simply not been true for other UFO shapes.

As David Marler demonstrates in this volume, there were plenty of sightings of triangular UFOs in the early modern era of UFO reports, say until about 1980. And investigators looked into these and generally treated them no differently than other sightings. The fact that we had once developed a flying wing didn’t mean that these sightings were, if hard to explain otherwise, attributed to terrestrial technology. But among the many UFO shapes reported, triangular UFOs were low in frequency, so no special emphasis was placed on these reports.

All of this changed in the early 1980s, as UFOs that were boomerang or triangular began to take center stage in the UFO mystery, while disk-shaped UFOs became scarcer. And this wasn’t something very gradual and stealthy; instead, it burst on the scene dramatically near New York City with the famous series of incidents now known as the Westchester boomerang. I was privy early on to this, as Dr. J. Allen Hynek, scientific director of CUFOS at the time, did his own investigation along with local ufologist Philip Imbrogno.

When Dr. Hynek reported his findings to us, we found them rather incredible, even coming from such a respected colleague, and our attitude had nothing to with the triangular shape. It was, instead, their very large size, slow motion, low altitude, and lengthy time in view, and the many witnesses, which caused us to be skeptical. Those types of behavior were rare in combination in the mass of UFO sightings, no matter the UFO shape, and so we looked for some alternative hypothesis (including, yes, classified technology). Of course, it didn’t take too long for the evidence to become convincing, and to see that what was going on in Westchester county and nearby was something new in UFO history.

What we didn’t realize at the time was that these events announced a change in the long-run course of sightings, as triangle UFOs gradually came to be dominant among those UFOs with some reported structure (although lights at night with no obvious associated object have been, and still are, the most common type of UFO reported). The change wasn’t limited to a UFO’s appearance, but included those same features that first appeared in the Westchester reports. Triangle UFOs usually didn’t speed away to end a sighting, but often majestically moved slowly into the distance. They lingered, giving witnesses a good view, and often a relatively nearby view, as they were reported at low altitudes.

Triangle UFOs were hardly ever reported to land, and so couldn’t leave marks on the ground or cause other physical effects. Nor did they interfere with the operation of vehicles, as disk-shaped and other UFOs did and-very rarely-still do. And triangle UFOs came in very large sizes, often hundreds of feet across (the size I calculated after speaking to witnesses of the Tinley Park triangle sighting in Illinois in 2005).

As we compared triangle UFOs to the triangle- and boomerang-shaped aircraft developed by the military, it became clear that the vast majority of triangle UFOs were not caused by conventional, or unconventional, technology. I discussed this with aviation experts and aviation journalists, and they were uniformly unaware of any terrestrial aircraft that could be causing these reports.

So are triangle UFOs the central element of the UFO phenomenon today? Well, not quite, but they do illustrate quite well the continuing scientific enigma posed by UFO sightings. Why don’t witnesses report disk-shaped UFOs so much today? Why have they essentially been replaced by triangle- and boomerang-shaped UFOs? Why do triangle UFOs often engage in behavior so different than UFOs reported in the early modern era of UFO sightings, such as appearing openly in populous areas?

It is hard to imagine that something in the makeup of UFO witnesses or society has caused this evolution, since it has happened throughout the Western world, whether it is the US, Canada, the UK, or France. The UFO phenomenon has changed (and in many other ways which cannot be detailed in this essay), and we didn’t expect it (not that we had any great track record in predicting the regularity of UFO waves, or UFO hotspots, or hardly any other characteristic of the phenomenon). And that change is exemplified by the rise of sightings of triangle UFOs.

Finally, the large, slow triangle UFOs, viewed by hundreds, even thousands, demonstrate how willfully the establishment, represented by government, academics, and the elite news media, can disregard something that is so ubiquitous, so visible, and so unearthly. It is possible not to see the elephant in the room, even when that elephant is a 300-foot triangular-shaped UFO.


George Wingfield, UFO and Crop Circle Researcher, UK

Some Thoughts on the Flying Triangle UFOs


“Whatever this was, it definitely wasn’t anything from here. It was not any craft from this Earth.” That is what has often been said about the flying triangle UFOs by witnesses in the US, in Belgium, and in other countries where these things have been seen during the last sixty years or so. Even so, one has to ask whether such judgments are justifiable.

There is certainly little dispute that what witnesses see is not any kind of natural phenomenon and these objects or craft do appear to be intelligently controlled. If that’s accepted, then the only remaining dispute there can be is whether this control is of human or non-human origin.

Conspiracy theorists will undoubtedly suggest that the triangles must be black project aircraft commissioned by the US government that might include LEMVs (Long Endurance Multi-Intelligence Vehicles which are giant hybrid military airships) or maybe ultrasonic successors to the SR-71 such as the alleged “Aurora.” They also suggest there may be secret aircraft which employ “electrogravitics,” “gravity shielding,” or technologies which allow “masslessness” --although these concepts are more in the realm of science fiction rather than science fact. LEMVs are certainly being tested now and we’ll see a lot more of them, but they are new and could not possibly be an explanation for the triangles which have been seen widely since the 1980s and indeed long before.

Careful examination of the history of known black project aircraft such as the SR-71, the F-117 Stealth attack aircraft, or the B-2 Stealth bomber which were all eventually declassified gives one no reason to believe that these could ever have been mistaken for the flying triangle UFOs. Nor is it feasible that any black project aircraft that are not yet declassified could possibly account for all the triangles that have been seen during the last fifty years. There is absolutely no proof either that secret “electrogravitic” or “massless” aircraft have ever flown or that such technologies even exist. The notion of gravity shielding is equally improbable since gravity, according to General Relativity theory, is really a property of space and time and not some force that can be shielded against.

If these UFOs are not of human origin one then has to ask: “Is there any way of knowing what they really are?” Any supposition that they might be of extraterrestrial origin should not be colored by preconceived notions we might have regarding UFOs and their supposed alien occupants. There have been so many false claims of alien contact over the past sixty-odd years and the emergence of a UFO mythology that promotes the existence of small gray aliens (plus several other varieties) that we would be unwise to make any such assumptions if we are ever to get at the truth. Without saying that all such UFO lore is necessarily fallacious and all claims of alien contact false, we still need to ask several basic questions which do not necessarily have easy answers.

My first question is whether these UFOs are necessarily “craft,” “vehicles,” or, indeed, “spaceships”? Maybe they are, but equally they may have some completely different function. “Craft” or “vehicles” imply that they are used to move occupants (or whatever) from A to B. This question of what these UFOs really are must always be borne in mind.

Secondly, are such UFOs “piloted,” occupied by “aliens”/”non-humans,” or a “crew,” etc? Not necessarily so, as might well have been supposed until quite recent times. These days a large proportion of the US military’s aircraft inventory consists of UAVs –drones-- flown using artificial intelligence or, usually, remotely controlled. The same considerations could well apply to UFOs, if they are of non-human origin, and their purpose could also be surveying, or reconnaissance, like that of manmade drones.

The third question we need to ask is whether flying triangle UFOs are real solid objects, whether they are of metallic or other construction, and whether they have any significant mass? Let us return to this question separately.

The fourth question is whether these UFOs move through the atmosphere in an aerodynamic manner like aircraft and whether, if they were to crash, they would leave wreckage or fragments behind on earth? The answer to the first part of this question appears, from witness accounts, to be that they do not –they do not fly aerodynamically-- and, for the second part, one can only say there is no confirmed record of any material piece of a UFO ever being left behind or recovered.

My fifth and last question is whether the hypothesized intelligence that controls such flying triangle UFOs is either benign or hostile towards humans? Or, indeed, whether they have any particular interest in humans whatever?

Some of these questions will not necessarily have any obvious answers but nevertheless they need to be asked. It is important that the above are valid questions and that we do not jump to unwarranted conclusions. Yet further unanswered questions may arise as we seek understanding.

The reported flight characteristics of the flying triangles certainly do not appear to be aerodynamic like those of an airplane and seem only consistent with their having a very small mass or possibly no mass at all. Their silent flight, which appears to produce no displacement of air as even a glider would, and their sometimes reported huge acceleration to extreme speed gives further reason to think that their mass, if any, must be vanishingly small. What does this say about the material the UFOs may consist of?

There are two ways of looking at this. One speculative approach could be that the triangles consist of an unknown material of very small or possibly near-zero density like, say, neutrinos, billions of which --scientists assure us-- constantly pour through space and through everything, including us, in the universe. The supposition that objects like the triangles could consist of an unknown material like this and be able to pass through normal physical things might be feasible if something akin to teleportation were involved, but in terms of our present science that is still in the realm of science fiction. However scientists do speculate that travel through space and time might one day be possible if mass is somehow converted into energy in a non-destructive way that allows its reconstitution when it reaches its destination. Do the flying triangle UFOs have such capability, perhaps allowing them to travel interdimensionally as pure energy?

The other possibility that would explain the apparent masslessness of the flying triangles is that what witnesses see is really just a moving image. Although this explanation seems counterintuitive, there is some reason to believe that these apparently vast UFOs have no more substance than the moving image of, say, an airplane --or, perhaps, the image of the Starship Enterprise-- on the screen of a movie theater. If true, it would explain how such UFOs can travel very slowly, seemingly unaffected by gravity, shoot off at unimaginable speeds, or perhaps simply vanish in situ, change their shape or light configuration, or indeed behave in a variety of other mysterious ways. It might also explain why such UFOs are rarely seen except at night.

I say “counterintuitive” because whenever one sees a large shape or maybe a cluster of lights in the sky one immediately assumes that it is an airplane or airship or some aerial vehicle. With the flying triangle UFOs, observers assume that it is a craft although most often no fuselage is actually seen and that is only inferred from the fact the lights appear to move in unison, as if part of one object. With some triangle UFO sightings, such as the Phoenix Lights of March 1997, the inference of some observers was that this was some enormous craft perhaps a mile or more across. The alternative explanation is that this could have been a number of bright lights –say, UFOs-moving in unison. Or, indeed, a number of moving images that appear to move together like a single object.

The “moving image” suggestion does however beg several further questions. Who or what could be producing such moving images? What or where is the origin of such images? Who or what is the, if any, intended “audience”? If moving images are what is seen, are these images of real objects somewhere else, or are they abstract images? And, if these UFOs are just images, what conceivably could be their purpose?

In the past one might have supposed any such image would need to be projected from some point of origin on to a surface like a cinema screen. In today’s world one has to acknowledge there are many other ways of producing video images, some of which --like holograms-- require no screen. Other images may originate from distant sources as with the internet. These days many are familiar with 3-D images that can cause one to duck and we are told of computer-generated “virtual realities” that are 90% similar to reality itself. Can we be sure that the flying triangle UFOs are material objects rather than moving images produced as a virtual reality? Of course, some triangle UFOs, at least, must be material objects since there have been radar returns from them, such as during the Belgium triangle UFO flap. Equally images projected from inside a translucent sphere onto its surface could give any such object different appearances or light configurations.

If the flying triangle UFOs are primarily moving images without materiality, does that mean they are necessarily of human origin? There is no indication that that is so. The reverse seems more likely to be the case and there are reasons for believing that the source of such images –if the triangles are indeed explained as moving images- may be some non-human intelligence, or at least an intelligence which has its origin far removed from us in space or time. What its purpose might be, or whether that purpose is due to an interest in the human race, is a far harder question to answer. It is certainly tempting to think that these UFOs might be some kind of non-material ET drone that allows surveillance of this planet by unknown intelligences far, far away. That speculation brings us sharply back to the conclusions of those triangle UFO witnesses that we started with: that this “thing” was otherworldly, and quite definitely not something from here...


Omar Fowler (Phenomenon Research Association) Derby, England

The Flying Triangle Mystery in the UK


We had followed the early appearance of ‘Flying Triangles’ (also referred to as ‘FTs’) when they appeared in the Hudson Valley during the early months of 1983.

It soon became apparent that these mysterious craft were no longer confined to a particular area of the United States, but were beginning to spread out in a pattern that resulted in sightings being reported in all the major countries of the world.

During the period 1989/90 it was the turn of Belgium to be inundated with nightly visits from these huge black and silent craft. This became the first instance where fighter aircraft were directed to intercept these craft and although the F16 fighters of the Belgian Air Force were unable to match the amazing manoeuvres of the ‘FT’s’, they did succeed in obtaining radar scope footage showing the astounding performance of the ‘FT’ craft.

On the night of the 26th September 1993 a huge black ‘Flying Triangle’ flew slowly across the Derbyshire town of Bakewell, setting the scene for what was to come! (The PRA were able to interview a primary witness on video within 45 minutes of the event). The witness confirmed that he had been driving and approaching the town, when he saw the low level lights slowly gliding in front of him. He accelerated to 40 mph and not only caught up with the illuminated Flying Triangle, but he overtook it!

The ‘Flying Triangle’ sightings continued in a sporadic fashion in the ‘east Midlands’ area of the UK until December 1994, when the ‘FT’s’ arrived in force!

During the period December 1994 to May 1995, fifty two ‘Flying Triangle’ events were investigated in the Derbyshire area. In some instances ‘FT’s’ hovered low over traffic and individual vehicles. In one case, a terrified woman passenger tried to hide under the glove compartment of the car as a Flying Triangle flew low overhead (more than one male driver departed the scene at high speed!)

There were a number of incidents where an interaction had taken place between a witness and a ‘Flying Triangle’ that indicated that these were not the product of some mysterious military power but had all the indications that these craft were alien to our civilization.

In one instance a late night driver was passing near the Rolls-Royce Aero Engine Test Bed facility near Sinfin in Derby, when he had an unexpected encounter with a Flying Triangle.

The time was 1.20am as the witness was driving along the deserted road near the engine works. Then suddenly his headlights went out and almost at the same time, he noticed a series of lights hovering over a nearby field. He pulled up to a stop and peered out through his window and was able to see three white lights hovering over a nearby power line pylon.

He was able to make out what appeared to be a triangle of lights and close to the ‘nose’ he noticed a bright red light which was positioned next to a bright white light. As he peered out through his side window and into the darkness he was able to make out the classic shape of a Flying Triangle.

As he watched the FT, it slowly started to move away and soon it was out of sight. Then suddenly his van headlights came on again and the Flying Triangle had gone!

There were numerous witness reports describing how these huge 'FT's' had been observed moving slowly and silently as they approached the witness and then passing silently overhead.

There had been various reactions from witnesses and any animals that happened to be in the vicinity. One mother described how she had seen the FT slowly approaching and her six year old daughter asked what it was. "It was an aeroplane" replied the mother, the young girl replied "I don't like that aeroplane Mummy!" The mother also felt uneasy and quickly walked away from the area.

There was also animal reaction the Flying Triangles, one witness out walking with his dogs described how the dogs had become very excited. On the 22nd of February 1995 another witness Mr 'R C' had just returned to his home in Derby when he observed two FT's with numerous lights. They were stationary at first, but then began to move towards the witness. He heard a 'humming noise' as the two FT's passed overhead and he noticed that his dogs were nervous.

An even more disturbing case was that of a young girl that lived in a small village out in the countryside of North Yorkshire. The incident took place on the 3rd July 1996 when the young lady, having finished work for the day had decided to have a quiet walk in the nearby countryside, find a pleasant spot to sit in the sunshine and to read a book. Within a short time, she had nestled down on the grass at the side of a field and began to read her book. It was several minutes later that her attention was drawn to a dark shadow slowly crossing the field and coming in her direction. She looked up to see a huge black triangular craft, then suddenly a shaft of blue light shot down from the craft and covered her and she felt herself going upwards very, very fast and she felt sick.

She went on to describe remembering lying on a table and surrounded by 'Grays', with one taller alien about 6 feet tall, that seemed to be in charge of things. He peered into her eyes and she began to feel peaceful. Then her memory faded and the next thing she knew was when she woke up in the field she had been in, but in a different position in the field. She looked around and eventually found her book in the hedge and proceeded to walk home.

"When I got home 5 1/2 hours had elapsed and I went in (I have five dogs), the dogs reacted strangely to me. Instead of coming up and jumping all over me, like they normally did, they were like whimpering and cowering away and sniffing all the way around me. I have had awful headaches and nosebleeds. I thought it was some kind of dream, but I've kept having really bad flashbacks!"

These few examples that I have given are just the tip of the Flying Triangle iceberg and I am sure that although the 'Military' may have developed a stealth triangular craft, the examples that I have given indicate that we have been and still are regularly visited by aliens from another dimension!

I am sure that David will review all the information that he has available and will produce a technical publication of outstanding interest.


Peter Davenport, Director, National UFO Reporting Center


Following the June 24th, 1947, sighting by Mr. Ken Arnold of a string of bizarre-looking objects, seen streaking, almost nose-to-tail, down the crest of the Cascade Mountains in Washington State, for many people, the term “flying saucer” suddenly became synonymous with the concept of an extraterrestrial space craft. This bit of UFO history is ironic given that the multiple objects seen on that date were not saucer-shaped at all, but rather more scimitar-like or wedge-shaped in their appearance, according to the witness’s description.

Ken Arnold’s sighting was first reported by a Portland, Oregon newspaper. The reporter labeling the objects “saucers,” a term which has endured now for over six decades, and which, early in the discussion of UFOs, tacitly misled many people to believe that all UFOs were disk-shaped. Had the journalist reported more accurately what the witness had observed that day, we ufologists might be talking today not about “flying saucers,” but rather about “flying triangles.”

In preparing to write this piece, I reviewed the database of over 87,000 sighting reports collected by the National UFO Reporting Center since 1994. What I observed was eye-opening and it lends strong support to David Marler’s ground-breaking thesis regarding the importance of studying triangular-shaped UFOs. Whereas “disks,” are reported in 6,460 of those cases, “chevrons,” “diamonds,” “boomerangs,” and “triangles” are reported in at least 11,000 cases suggesting that triangular UFOs may be significantly more common than disks. This is a fact that probably has not been openly recognized before David Marler’s book on this important subject.

Some skeptics take the position that these triangular craft are nothing more than modern, delta-winged aircraft of terrestrial origin. However, even a moment’s consideration of that possibility compels a reasonable person to reject it immediately and merely out of hand.

First, triangular UFOs have been reported by reliable witnesses since long before aeronautical engineers ever recognized the value of the swept-wing design concept. The National UFO Reporting Center has at least one credible report on file of a distinctly triangular-shaped craft, witnessed by two teenage Civilian Conservation Corps workers, one Saturday night in Eklutna, Alaska, during October 1936 (as referenced in Chapter 3). Obviously, the sighting occurred long before aircraft designers began to address the aerodynamic benefits of “sweeping” the wings of a high-speed aircraft.

In addition, over recent decades, we have collected countless reports of triangles allegedly seen by credible witnesses to hover while motionless and silent. A small number of highly specialized terrestrial aircraft may be able to hover for short periods of time, but with the exception of blimps and dirigibles, they certainly are not capable of doing so silently. Anyone who has been witness to a display by an AV-8B “Harrier,” the so-called “jump jet,” knows how loud those aircraft are when they are in a hovering mode!

Another characteristic of triangular UFOs which rules out their being terrestrial craft, is the light patterns they are often reported by witnesses to display at night. To be consistent with the Federal Aviation Regulations (“FAR’s”) pertaining to aircraft lighting, the only colored lights that a terrestrial aircraft may display legally at night are red, green, and white. Triangular UFOs are often reported to display for example blue and orange lights in addition to other varying colors, which would have the craft in violation of those regulations and which would subject the aircraft operator to possible prosecution. Moreover, the positioning of the lights on triangular UFOs, as often reported by witnesses, is altogether inconsistent with other federally mandated lighting requirements.

Many other characteristics of these triangular UFOs are breath-taking by terrestrial standards and they are altogether incompatible with the performance capabilities of aerodynamically controlled vehicles of human manufacture. Their ability to suddenly accelerate and streak out of sight within seconds is vastly in excess of performance capabilities of any aircraft of terrestrial origin or design. Examples of such breath-taking performance were witnessed in the celebrated sighting over St. Clair County, Illinois, on January 5th, 2000 (as discussed in Chapter 1), and again in the sighting near Stephenville, Texas, on January 08th, 2008. In the former case, a seasoned police officer reported that the gigantic triangle above his police cruiser suddenly accelerated and “jumped” many miles, an assertion that was later corroborated by subsequent investigation much of that corroboration having been provided by Mr. Marler himself.

In the case of the Stephenville sighting, a triangular craft was seen by countless witnesses on the ground to suddenly accelerate and quickly outdistance the two USAF F-16 fighters which clearly were in pursuit of it. The incident occurred not far from the ranch where President Bush was in residence at the time.

Finally, there is the issue of size. In many cases, ufologists have been able to determine the distance from an eyewitness to an observed craft, which allows an approximate determination of its actual dimensions. In the case of the “Phoenix Lights” sightings of March 13, 1997, in Arizona, for example, the huge, bizarre-looking chevron-shaped object that hovered motionless for an estimated five minutes above the home of Mrs. Sue Watson was not less than 8,000 feet above the ground level. This altitude was calculated in a report made by the U. S. Air Force F-15 pilot who apparently had attempted to intercept the object. Given that the object subtended an arc of approximately 135 degrees, as viewed by witnesses on the ground, and by applying trigonometric analysis, the wingspan of the object could therefore be calculated. Those results suggest that the triangular craft was not less than seven (statute) miles in width, from wingtip to wingtip, and it may have been as wide as 9 miles, if its altitude was as high as first reported by the pilot!! This was a craft that was seen to hover; to move at supersonic velocity; and to accelerate at an unimaginable rapid rate as it suddenly moved off to the south from Sue Watson’s home.

It is worth mentioning that this calculated wingspan is consistent with what many other witnesses reported that included Arizona Governor, Fife Symington. The USAF pilot who intercepted the triangle over the Watsons’ home, upon landing his F-15c fighter back at Luke AFB minutes after the intercept, reported to his ground crew that the object was so large that it had filled 180 degrees of the windshield and canopy of his aircraft…from his “9 o’clock” position, to his “3 o’clock” position…in the horizontal plane!

In support of these reports about the immense size of the Phoenix UFO, Mrs. Stacey Roads along with her husband, and their two children, reported driving that night under a huge triangular craft that “blanketed” Interstate 10. This occurred as they drove toward Phoenix, and they stated how it literally “filled the sky” above their heads! In her written report, she emphasized how immense the craft was and how much of the sky it concealed from their view.

What explains the shape of these triangular UFOs, we can only guess. Until we are able to communicate with the presumed occupants of those craft, we can only but conjecture on what determines the shape of the triangular craft and, in fact, all other types of UFOs (e.g., disks and spheres). Could the shape be the result of the special conditions required of space travel? Could it be the result of aerodynamic considerations, given that UFOs apparently must be capable of navigating in both space and atmospheric conditions? Could it be the result of the design requirements dictated by the craft’s propulsion system or because of the requirements of the laws of physics, about which we yet know nothing? These are all questions for which ufologists have no answers, but which David Marler’s book addresses, and to which, at long last, it opens the doors of inquiry.

David Marler’s focus on triangular-shaped UFOs is long overdue in

ufology, and it finally serves to correct the long-standing misconception about what UFOs are - or can be. The book opens a new chapter in an important arena of the continuing mystery of ufology, and I anticipate that it will set the “high-water” mark in UFO research on this subject for many decades to come.


[The following images are courtesy of the National UFO Reporting Center.]


===========================================================================
Appendix


Scott AFB reply to the author’s questions about the morning of January 5, 2000.


CENCOM document.


Letter to MOD Secretariat (Air Staff), February 20, 1997.


MOD reply to letter of previous page.


Operation Mainbrace News Teletype, 1952.


Airmiss Report regarding encounter of January 6, 1995 (page one of three).


Airmiss Report regarding encounter of January 6, 1995 (page two of three).


Airmiss Report regarding encounter of January 6, 1995 (page three of three).


MOD letter of response (1/28/97) to airmiss incident of January 6, 1995.


UFO Study Group of Greater St. Louis Report of UFO sighting, 1967.


===========================================================================
About the Author


David Marler has had a lifelong interest in the subject of UFOs. He joined The Mutual UFO Network (MUFON) in 1990 as a Field Investigator Trainee. Since then, he has served as Field Investigator, State Section Director, as well as Illinois State Director. David is currently an independent UFO researcher.

During his tenure with MUFON, he had conducted numerous investigations into alleged UFO sightings and related experiences. He has discussed the subject of UFOs on numerous radio and television news programs. He has also lectured on the subject to various school and adult audiences over the years.

David has assisted the History Channel, Learning Channel, and Discovery Channel on UFO documentaries in addition to independent productions.

David has an extensive personal library of UFO books, journals, magazines, newspapers, and case files from around the world that covers the last 65 years. With this he has been examining the detailed history of UFO sighting reports and related patterns.

David strives to have an open mind regarding the UFO phenomenon. However, he also acknowledges the need for a skeptical approach when examining each individual UFO report. Despite the large percentage of misidentifications and hoaxes in the UFO data, David recognizes what appears to be a core phenomenon beneath it all.

David received his Bachelor of Science degree in Psychology from Southern Illinois University at Edwardsville (SIUE). He received his Certification in Hypnotherapy from Mottin and Johnson Institute of Hypnosis in St. Louis, Missouri.

David is a Registered Polysomnographic Technician (RPSGT) and assisted in diagnosing and treating patients that suffered from various sleep disorders for several years at a major St. Louis-based medical facility. He has worked within the medical field for fifteen years.

David works for an international medical company and resides in Albuquerque, New Mexico.


Contact the Author


If you wish to contact the author with feedback, questions, or UFO reports he may be reached at:


triangularufos@hotmail.com

http://richarddolanpress.com


The author is available for lectures and book-signing events.


Table of Contents

Foreword: by John B. Alexander, Ph.D.
Preface
Introduction
Chapter 1: The New Millennium
Chapter 2: New Information, New Insights
Chapter 3: The Historical Review Begins
Chapter 4: The Historical Review Continues
Chapter 5: The Historical Review Concludes
Chapter 6: Military Reports
Chapter 7: Establishing a Profile
Chapter 8: Aerospace Experts
Chapter 9: History Repeats Itself
Chapter 10: Continual Reports and Implications
Chapter 11: Conclusion
Chapter 12: Thoughts From Other Researchers
Appendix
About the Author
Contact the Author


