==================================================================================
First Briefing: The Reality of Contact


We give greetings from far away now. In our first two sets of communications to you, we were able to be in the proximity of your world in a hidden location in your solar system. But now we have been forced to flee, since our revelations have become public. The Intervention that is occurring in your world by those extraterrestrial races who would seek to take advantage of a weak and divided humanity have searched for us, seeking to find us and to destroy us so that we may not report on their activities in the world and thus reveal their hidden plans and motivations.

The people of your world must know that you are emerging now into a Greater Community of intelligent life, a Greater Community that you know nothing about and have not yet adapted to. It is a Greater Community of advanced worlds, for you live in a developed and populated part of the universe where large nations have established intricate and long-standing trade agreements with one another, where there are rules of engagement and rules of conduct that all trading nations in this region must observe.

You know nothing of these things, of course, still being isolated within your world. Yet your world is being visited by small groups-small non-military groups, commercial forces, you might say-that are here seeking advantages and resources. They recognize that humanity at this moment is a weak and divided race and is superstitious and uneducated regarding the affairs of the Greater Community in which you have always lived.

We have been sent as observers from several different free nations in this region of space, to observe the extraterrestrial Intervention that is occurring in the world today, to report on its activities and to reveal its hidden motives and agenda so that the human family might become aware and prepared for the reality of Contact. It is this reality of Contact that is essential for your understanding.

Your world is a prize. It is greatly valued by others. You are unsuspecting and perhaps might assume that advanced technological races are advanced spiritually as well. But alas, this is not the case. The path of technological development, more often than not, leads away from real freedom and the true nature of spirituality as it exists in all manifest intelligent life.

This represents but one of the important lessons that the human family must now learn if it is to regard the presence of foreign visitors with clarity, wisdom and discernment and if it is to recognize the great need for humanity to establish its own rules of engagement regarding all present and future visitations to your world. Such rules have not been established. Humanity stands naked in the universe, vulnerable to intervention and persuasion by small, cunning groups of resource explorers and economic Collectives-those who travel within the local universe seeking advantages and opportunities for themselves and for their clients.

You of course have no way of understanding this, having never ventured far enough into space to witness these activities and to learn about the nature of interactions and commerce in this part of the universe. So you do not know what to expect, and in the absence of wisdom, clarity and informed awareness, many people who are aware of the Intervention are misunderstanding its presence and are construing it incorrectly, believing it is here for the benefit of humanity.

It is because humanity has not responded with wisdom appropriately to this Intervention that we, as representatives of the free nations in your vicinity of space, have been sent here to observe this Intervention, to learn of its activities within your world and to reveal to you the nature of these activities, their purpose and indeed the nature of such Interventions as they so frequently occur everywhere in the Greater Community.

You are emerging into a competitive environment in space, a complex environment, an environment where long-standing rules have been established to maintain stability amongst nations and worlds whose establishments are far older than anything that has been established on Earth.

In this regard, you are but a young race, young and reckless- a young race who is beginning to experience the benefits and the liabilities of technological power; a young race who is despoiling a beautiful planet, a planet that is valued by others; a young race without wisdom and foresight who is eroding away its self-sufficiency-self-sufficiency which is always required for any emerging nation to maintain its freedom and its self-determination in the universe.

There is so much now for humanity to learn and to do. Great actions must be taken, but they must be informed by a clear understanding of the universe into which you are emerging-how nations trade and function, what restrains them, what encourages them, the freedoms they have to intervene in a world such as yours and the restraints that prevent them from undertaking certain activities.

Even now, though we are far from your world, we can report on these things and give you a clearer understanding of the nature of interaction, trade and commerce in your part of the galaxy, in this densely populated area of the universe. With this, we hope we can impart a great encouragement for the human family to utilize its native wisdom, to build upon its great strengths and to not fall prey to persuasion or self-deception that is always a great risk at thresholds such as these.

Emerging into the Greater Community is the greatest threshold that any race can face. Many races fail at this threshold, falling under the persuasion and domination of foreign powers. Many nations fail because they have destroyed their self-sustaining resources and have become helpless and dependent upon others who, through leverage and through commercial manipulation, were able to gain control of these young, emerging races.

It is a threshold with great risks and yet one with immense opportunities. In the face of the Greater Community, young races must unite, they must correct their destructive behavior, and they must focus on establishing the security of their world and its boundaries to space.

We trust in this third set of Briefings that we may be able to illustrate the importance of this and provide our encouragement and our faith that humanity has the strength still and the integrity still to mount a great effort on its own behalf and to lay the foundation for becoming a free and self-determined race in the universe.

For you must know that freedom is rare in the Greater Community and once it has been established, it must be carefully protected and watched over. Large nations that are not free, that do not provide freedom for their citizens, always regard the presence of free worlds and nations with great fear and suspicion. That is why free nations, with very few exceptions, maintain their autonomy and attempt not to become pulled into the complex and compromising nature of trade and commerce in the Greater Community.

Perhaps you can understand this from your own experience of being in the world, a world where commerce has compromised the integrity and the self-determination of weaker nations. We have seen the evidence of this in your transmissions, which are foolishly sent out into space for all to see.

We bring this example forward so that you may call upon your own experience and observations of the world because events in the Greater Community and the reality of the Greater Community itself represent the same kinds of forces, compromises and difficulties, but on a vastly larger scale with many more participants.

Here you cannot be like children, being reckless, wasting your resources, opposing one another, being inattentive to your boundaries to space, unaware of who is intervening in your world today and foolishly expecting grace and salvation from those who might visit you. These are actions that are not in your best interest, actions which are governed by wishful thinking and by foolish and uninformed expectations. Such an approach to life in the universe will lay you open to deception and manipulation beyond what you are accustomed to and for which you have not yet developed a sufficient set of counter measures.

Life in the universe is difficult because all advanced nations have outstripped their world’s ability to sustain them, thus forcing them to engage in commerce and to a great degree to become controlled by other nations under whose commercial agreements they must now be forced to submit.

Life in the universe is perilous for the unwary. And yet the Greater Community into which you are emerging is vast and magnificent, holding immense opportunities for learning and education and immense opportunities for self-discovery and for founding a world where greater unity must be established and can be established effectively.

There are races in the universe who are very advanced in this regard, far beyond anything that humanity has established here on Earth. But they do not engage in space exploration. They do not engage in resource acquisition or in trying to persuade or manipulate young and unaware races such as the human family, for that is not ethical and leads to unfortunate consequences.

The wise have learned many things over the eons of time in the universe, many things that humanity has not yet discovered or is only beginning to learn. The wise have learned that all nations require resources and must either build their own self-sufficiency and trade amongst very trusted partners or take the great and unfortunate risk of becoming involved in larger networks of trade and resource acquisition-larger networks which will always compromise their integrity and self-determination. For if you are dependent upon others for the very things you need, then they, even more than you, will determine the nature of the engagement and the terms by which such an engagement must be met.

In your own world, you have seen smaller nations fall under the over-arching persuasion of other nations-persuasion that was garnered without the use of force, persuasion that preyed upon the weakness and the divisions within these weaker nations, making them now dependent upon larger nations beyond their control and to which they are forced to submit.

There is much for you to learn regarding this, and you have many questions, of course. In these Briefings, we will attempt to answer some of your questions if they can be answered. Yet some questions must be answered by a Greater Power, the Greater Power of the Creator of all life, who has put Knowledge as a potential within each person and within intelligent life throughout the universe. But such potential has not been discovered yet by the human family to any great degree, and as you will discover, it remains beyond the reach and awareness of many in the Greater Community, especially those who wield great technological power, who have abandoned their early traditions of religion to serve the religion of power, commerce and technology.

It is true in the universe that the wise must remain hidden to remain wise, and that freedom is built on three fundamental realities: one, that a world’s peoples be united sufficiently to face the universe as one people; two, that such people must maintain and protect their self-sufficiency so as not to become bound and dependent upon foreign powers who do not share their values or their emphasis on freedom; and three, that such people must become extremely discreet regarding their activities and behavior, which will always fall under the scrutiny of those who wish to take advantage of these people or who fear the freedom that such people might possess.

Do not confuse the Ancient Home of God with the Greater Community. For the Greater Community is a physical reality, and everyone in it must struggle to survive and must face the reality of competition and all of its hazards. Yet each race has the promise to evolve and to become free and to become wise. This opportunity still remains everywhere, within all beings and all nations in the universe.

Here you must come not with hopeful expectations or with dread or fear, but with a greater sobriety and clarity of mind. Do not approach the Greater Community wanting things for yourself, hoping and believing that those whom you will encounter will provide these things for you. For this is unwise and will rob you of the discernment that you must have to see clearly and to be able to discern those opportunities that are beneficial from those that only appear to be beneficial. This is the wisdom one must utilize within one’s own world, for this is a universal truth.

Our task is to reveal the real nature of the Intervention that is occurring in the world today, to warn you and to prepare you for the realities of life in the universe, to give you a greater impetus for human unity and cooperation and to show you the great need for the cessation of conflict within your world. We do this because we value humanity as a race. But we also do this for our own self-preservation, for to have another free nation in this neighborhood of space is of great interest to us. We support it as an ideal for all races. Yet in our local region of space, it will help preserve our integrity, and it will help preserve our autonomy if such a race as yours can evolve into the Greater Community free of foreign domination and educated about the realities of life beyond your borders.

We will speak in these Briefings about this greater arena of life. We will give you the information that is needed even if it does not answer your desires for specific names, dates and places, which would be meaningless to you and which would not serve a useful purpose, for you cannot verify these things for yourself.

What you need is a greater perspective and a greater vision. What we will impart will not be strange and foreign to you. In many ways, it will be akin to what you yourself have seen within your world and what you are able to recognize through your awareness of nature and history.

Life in the universe has taken many different forms. Even though many races use technologies beyond your current capabilities, all must still face the rigors of life. All must still make the difficult choices between freedom and submission. And all must still deal with the need for resources and stability. It is a truth that all must face. No one through technology has gained exemption from the great requirements of life.

You who are just beginning your journey into the Greater Community must now undertake a greater education. This greater education will call upon your strengths, your awareness and whatever wisdom may reside within your heart and within the hearts of all who dwell within your world. For it is this wisdom you need now more than ever before.


==================================================================================
Second Briefing: The Requirements for Freedom in the Universe


There are three requirements that all nations must meet if they are to establish and maintain their freedom and self-determination in the Greater Community. This holds true both for nations living in highly populated regions of space, such as is the case of your world, and for nations that live in remote regions, even in uncharted territories where contact with other races can be very rare and very hazardous.

The world has been given to humanity as its world of origin, as its place of residence and as a splendid environment in which humanity could evolve and build its civilizations and learn the lessons of peace and cooperation, both by principle and by error.

Do not ever think that this world is owned by anyone else, that any other race in the universe has rights to this world or has any special privilege for visiting this world or can make any claims of ownership to this world or any claims of authorship for human evolution.

This is your planet of origin. It has been given to you by the Creator of the universe with the hope and the desire that you would prosper here and maintain this world as the precious resource that it is. It has been given so that it may sustain you through your difficult phases of development and so that it may sustain you as you emerge into a Greater Community of intelligent life, where such worlds of biological diversity are rare.

The three requirements are unity, self-sufficiency and extreme discretion. We shall give you more information on each of these so that you may understand more fully why they are so important and what they really mean and will require.

Unity in your world does not mean that everyone is the same, thinks the same or behaves in a similar manner. It can accommodate the diversity of cultures that the world now possesses. But there must be a unity of purpose, a common purpose to protect the resources of the world and to establish a boundary to space where all nations cooperate with one another, not only for their interests in their national security, but for the security of the entire world. This of course will require an unprecedented cooperation between your nations and governments. With a Greater Community education and awareness, this great accomplishment is possible.

You must turn your eyes to the heavens. You have no defense against life intruding from beyond. You do not have the skills to tell friend from foe or to recognize a competitor. You are obsessed with the needs of your nation and your difficulties with other nations.

You will also need this unity to face the declining resources of your world and the great and perilous consequences for the human family. This includes the environmental damage you have created in your world-the damage to your climate systems, to your water and to other life giving resources that have supplied and sustained humanity over its long and slow evolution.

Human unity now will not be the consequence of ideology but of necessity, for you will fail if you are divided facing the great change in your world, and you will fail in the face of the Greater Community if you cannot establish this unity of will and purpose. All free nations in the universe must establish this unity of will and purpose, particularly regarding their use of their home worlds and their awareness and approach to the Greater Community. This need, therefore, is universal.

Your evolution has always been towards greater unity and cooperation, but now it must enter a more mature phase. For no nation will prosper and remain free if other nations in your world fall under foreign persuasion-a persuasion that will encourage human conflict in order to weaken the earthly powers that you have and to weaken the strength of the human family, fracturing it and making it more susceptible to persuasion, to foreign manipulation and to the need for foreign technology.

Your unity must be a unity of purpose based upon a greater awareness of your vulnerability to space and the fundamental need to establish a sustainable use of your world and its vital but limited resources. Never think that you can go into the Greater Community and take whatever you want from it. For the Greater Community in which you live, and which you will face, is owned by others who are far more powerful than you. Your warlike nature and tendencies, then, must become arrested if you are to gain this unity of purpose and the will and the strength to withstand foreign intervention and persuasion.

Human unity here may only be forged under a great challenge, for there is too much division of purpose and intent within your world for nations to establish such an essential common ground. It will be necessity that will drive you to create this, if ever you will. It will be an undaunted and persistent need that will drive humanity to unite in its own defense-defense against internal collapse and defense against external intrusion.

Within your nations and your cultures, there must be this unity of purpose, or the great resources and talent of humanity will not be brought to bear to face its great environmental challenges and to face the difficulties of emerging into a Greater Community of life.

Humanity’s future in the universe will be largely determined not just by foreign persuasion or intrusion, but by your ability to create a sustainable use of the world. Here humanity will have to enter a more mature phase of its development. You will not be able to focus on growth and expansion, for your resources will constrain your expansion, and your growth and the universe will not allow you to reach out and take what you need from other worlds beyond this solar system.

Nations who are aware of your presence, who are not intervening in your world, will respect your sphere of influence if it is established within this solar system alone. But beyond that, any intrusions into space or into the territories or worlds governed or owned by others will be intensely resisted.

You have boundaries and constraints now, and these are new to your experience, for you have been growing and expanding for so very long. But there are limits to this. Your world will limit you, and the Greater Community will limit you.

Unknown to humanity is the reality that great empires in the universe are rare and tend to be very unstable, unable to supply and sustain themselves over long periods of time. They either collapse at their perimeters or, due to instability, at their core. It is smaller nations and networks of nations that have been able to establish long-term stability with one another through very strictly enforced rules of trade and commerce and through establishing a greater consensus for mutual well being and stability.

Your notions of growth and expansion, therefore, will have to change. For you cannot plunder the Earth without bringing yourself to a devastated state, a state that can be easily taken over by others in the universe. While outright conquest of your world is not permitted in this region of space, other nations are free to intervene under two conditions: first, if the native peoples of your world appear to others to welcome intervention and to not resist it; and, second, if humanity were to fall into a truly deprived and declined state. Under the second set of circumstances, other nations would be free to come and take the world for themselves, using humanity as a resource for their own ends.

It is these two conditions that allow intervention in this region of space. It is because you live in a highly inhabited part of the universe that conquest is not allowed. For attempts at conquest create instability and conflict, and instability and conflict are resisted by networks of powerful nations who seek to maintain stability and security at all costs, even at the cost of their own freedom. It is entering a more stable and sustainable state that all worlds in the universe must seek to achieve at some point in their development.

Therefore, war in the universe as you imagine it is very, very rare. It may occur in uncharted regions where two opposing nations may fight over the spoils of a world or set of resources that they both value. But in highly developed parts of space, such conflicts are not permitted. Here resource exploration and exploitation must happen under certain conditions that do not generate war, conflict or instability between the resident nations of those regions.

In this sense, the Greater Community is a different environment than you are accustomed to. It has achieved a sustainable state, at least in your region of space regarding those nations that you will encounter. In uncharted regions, it can be much more unstable, and conflict can erupt dramatically. But eventually nations realize that war and conflict destroy resources, and resources are what they must acquire and preserve. So other means are sought to persuade one another, beyond the use of force. This is why the powers of persuasion and perception have been established to a very high degree throughout many regions of the universe. We know of few exceptions to this in very highly inhabited regions.

Once nations realize they cannot fight each other without mutual loss, they will enter into cooperative agreements, and they will maintain these agreements very strictly over long periods of time. These are the conditions that you will face in engaging with your local universe. That is why your recklessness, your aggressiveness and your use of force are looked upon with such disdain and concern by established nations in your region. Here you will not be allowed to exert such aggression beyond this solar system. This restraint between established nations serves to check aggression and to limit the spread of war and conflict. This has proven to be effective in the universe, and thus it is practiced.

Your unity here gives you strength and gives you respect in the eyes of others. Other nations will be far less likely to try to persuade you through inappropriate means or even through means that are allowed within the laws of this region if they have to face a united and discerning race of beings. If the human family can establish such unity of purpose and gain a greater education about life in the universe, which we are providing to you through these sets of Briefings, then any attempt at intervention or persuasion here will be far more difficult. But as it is at this moment, you have your backs to space. You are not paying attention. You are not looking. And those of you who are looking often look under the persuasion of your own desires and preferences, without the clarity of vision that is required.

In a more united state, you will preserve your resources and share them equitably because you will have realized that you must establish a state of stability and security. What other nations in the universe have established to maintain peace and equanimity is what humanity will have to establish within your own world. The choice here is fundamental. It is the greatest choice you will have to make, and it will have to be made repeatedly-to choose either war and conflict or agreement and cooperation.

Your declining resources will help you in this regard, for if any nation in your world seeks to remain aggressive and hostile, its resources can be denied to it by the rest of the world. This is what happens in the Greater Community should any nation become aggressive and hostile, seeking to dominate or overwhelm other nations, seeking conquest of territory or seeking to eliminate its competitors. Such a nation will have to face a united opposition by all others who are involved in their networks of trade. This has effectively eliminated a great deal of conflict in the universe.

It is necessity, then, that drives such cooperation. Yet humanity has not yet established such agreements, for it has not had to face what all advancing nations in the universe must face, and that is the depletion of their resources.

It is resource depletion that has the possibility of forging a greater union amongst your peoples. Yet resource depletion can also lead to competition, conflict and war. There are many nations that we know of and have heard of that have destroyed themselves at the doorstep of the Greater Community-struggling over who will have dominance, who will have wealth and who will have priority within their own worlds.

Unity for a race must be established sooner or later. It can be established through submission and domination or through consensus and wisdom. This too represents a fundamental choice. Unfortunately, most nations that we know of, and certainly most nations in this region of space, have chosen the former option, choosing the submission and domination of their peoples to establish a unity of purpose and to crush dissent. Free nations, which are so rare in the universe, have chosen consensus and wisdom as their overriding need and emphasis.

Humanity, in facing the decline of your resources and the spoiling of your world, will have to make this decision as well as to what kind of unity it will establish. If you do not establish unity, you will simply destroy the remaining resources and greatly limit humanity’s ability to live in this world.

Other races do not want to see this occur, and so part of their emphasis on intervention is to prevent the destruction of the natural environment, which they hold to be far more valuable than the human presence here. Yet you must understand that those races who are competing for access to this world do not want to destroy the human family, for they need you as their liaisons to work in this world. They are unable to live within this world, unable to live in its environment, unable to face the biological hazard of its countless organisms. Races that have evolved in sterile environments cannot live in worlds such as yours without immense hazard and without the great risk of contaminating not only themselves, but also their home worlds with foreign biological agents, to which they have no immunity and which their medicines have not yet evolved to counteract.

Therefore, humanity is valuable to intervening races-valuable as a workforce, valuable as those who can work in the world for the benefit of foreign powers. But this benefit will not be yours, and should you lose your freedom to foreign intervention and persuasion, the life it would create for you would be truly tragic and unfortunate.

In the Greater Community, all advancing nations have faced the problem of resource depletion. As a result, resource acquisition and the stability and sustainability of resource acquisition have become the overriding emphasis. Nations that have advanced technology that requires resources from foreign places become extremely dependent upon maintaining access to these resources and to establishing peaceful and diplomatic relations with those who supply them.

Here advanced technology makes you even more vulnerable to foreign persuasion and control. If you need rare elements that can only be found in remote regions or which are only possessed by certain races, then you must accommodate their needs, demands and preferences in order to be privileged to receive such resources. The competition for these resources would be intense. This makes any nation that has such needs vulnerable and at great risk of instability and even collapse. If the technology and structure of society are dependent upon foreign manufacture and foreign resources, then it is vulnerable.

It is this vulnerability that humanity must seek to avoid. Do not be foolish in accepting gifts from those who are visiting your world. Do not be persuaded that you must have this foreign technology for your own benefit. If you do accept such things, you will become vulnerable. Unable now to provide for yourselves, you will have to meet the terms of those who have become your providers.

Here freedom and self-sufficiency become intertwined. If you are not self-sufficient, you will not be free. Even if you were able to gain from others access to those resources to which you have become accustomed and upon which you have built the infrastructure of your new society, you would lose your freedom. You would lose any leverage you have over how you will engage with others and what the terms of that engagement will be.

This represents an essential understanding that you must have in approaching the Greater Community. Do not accept trinkets from space, for you will undermine your freedom in the process. Nothing really important will be given to humanity in this regard by those who are intervening in your world. They are seeking to create dependency and addiction. This gives them power and leverage, even in their small numbers, over a much larger human family that is unsuspecting and that can be easily persuaded.

To introduce new sources of power into your world would make you dependent upon those who are here to take advantage of the world for their own purposes. Humanity has not gained the unity yet to use its technology for entirely beneficial purposes. You do not need more powerful weapons now. You do not need more destructive weapons. The use of weapons in space is so very limited. That is not how you will gain advantage or protection in the Greater Community. Learning this represents a more mature phase of humanity’s evolution. Here it will be persuasion and perception, freedom and a deeper Knowledge that will assure your well being, not the use of force.

Nations in your region of space have security forces and can amass together a great military power, but this is only for the mutual defense of their trading networks. They have realized that they cannot overwhelm each other by force, and so they seek to influence each other through persuasion and thought. This represents a more mature use of power in the universe and a new threshold of learning for humanity.

Your reckless use of your world’s resources and your reliance upon technology to save you from its consequences represent two very foolish and damaging pursuits. You will have to sustain yourselves with what you have within this world if you are to remain free. Even your allies in the universe will not be able to sustain you from afar because they do not have these capabilities. They will not seduce you to become dependent upon their technology or their foreign governance because they represent free nations and not those who seek to take advantage and to exploit weaker nations, such as yours.

You must look at your world as your storehouse for food, water and energy and for all the things that you will need both now and in the future. If you exhaust these, you will decline, undoing all of the progress that you have made. Even your technological potential will not be able to be realized in the face of such great social disintegration. This would make you vulnerable to one of the great opportunities that others have over a weak and failed race, an opportunity that is permitted in the Greater Community. That opportunity is seen as rescuing a planet’s resources from the overexploitation of its native race, which is allowable given the ethics and the rules of engagement that exist in this part of the galaxy.

It is not humanity’s subjugation or ruin that we want to promote, but instead its strength, its unity and the fulfillment of its great potential in the universe. Yet certain things must be understood. Technology alone will not save you from resource depletion, and resource depletion will undo your technology. You must establish through time, consensus and cooperation a sustainable use of your world-maintaining its biological diversity, the quality of its atmosphere, the quality of its waters and the quality of its soils and its lands.

Adversity will help you to come to terms with this and to see its necessity. But adversity can also undo you, setting in motion forces of destruction that would be very difficult to stop.

Your allies in the universe have great concern over this. Given your transmissions into space, they have seen the potential here. They know the path that most races follow in the depletion of their world’s resources, the inevitable results of this depletion and the resulting loss of their sovereignty and control to other nations. This is the path that most nations have taken. The consequences are predictable and are largely the same.

At this moment, larger powers in the universe who are aware of you, view you as reckless and destructive. Though they themselves are not intervening in your world, they will allow other independent commercial forces to attempt to gain access here. Should that access be accomplished and fulfilled, and should the power of authority be shifted from the human family to others, then the larger powers will enter to take advantage of the situation.

Much depends on your understanding and perception and upon the self-sufficiency that you can establish and sustain in your world. If your peoples agree to live simply, to share resources and to limit your population through ethical means, then you will be able to establish a greater stability and self-sufficiency. Then the greater powers in your region will not look upon you with the same desire for intervention, but will have to respect you as a united people who cannot be conquered by the use of subtle forces.

Unity gives you strength, but also respect in the Greater Community. Though attempts to bring you into the trade networks will be ongoing and persuasive, intervention such as is occurring in the world today would not likely be attempted. Yet in your divided and conflicted state, such intervention is occurring and is progressing. It will seek to shift the authority of the world to foreign powers with human participation and support. It will seek to use the human family. It will seek to gain the great advantages this world offers in its vast biological resources through the use of human labor and cooperation.

It is known to us through your transmissions and through our own observation of your world that some people believe that other races could easily come and set up a colony in the world and establish themselves here using their advanced technology. But given the biological hazard that your world creates for those who are visiting, this is not easy to do and has never been successfully accomplished. In fact, your world has the power to infect and destroy entire races in your local universe, given the presence and the diversity of its biological agents. Other races have rendered their worlds barren, and in many cases, devoid of nearly all of the native life forms. They have little or no immunity from contamination.

Earth then can be viewed as both a great asset and as an immense source of contamination. It is viewed in both these ways by all races who are aware of your presence and who recognize the importance of your world and the condition of humanity.

The third requirement is the need for extreme discretion. To be a free race in a neighborhood of space filled with races that have no freedom and do not want to encourage freedom, you must become extremely discreet. You must establish yourself as a non-threatening presence to these worlds. You must not engage in trade with them to any significant degree. And you must not allow them to visit your world and to scrutinize your behavior.

The rules of engagement in this region of space will give you these rights if you can demonstrate a united intent and purpose in establishing and maintaining your boundaries to space. Powerful nations recognize other powerful nations. They are not persuaded by other kinds of inducements. To them, power is resources, and resources represent not only wealth but survival. For their advanced technology has made their survival now more difficult to sustain and their resources more difficult to acquire.

This is so very different from how the peoples of the world view such things. They think the world is there to be plundered, and once the world has been plundered, the universe is there to be plundered, and by that point, they believe they will have the technology to plunder it. But you cannot plunder the universe. Many have tried, and all have failed.

Your discretion then becomes critically important. You will have to learn how to communicate without broadcasting into space. Even the most secret involvements of your governments are broadcast into space in many situations and can be easily discerned by those who have gained knowledge of your language and your tendencies. For the world has been observed for a long time by all the powers in your vicinity.

Those who seek to gain advantage here have waited until you built an infrastructure that they can use, and now they are attempting to persuade you to give them the reins of power and to make you dependent upon their technology and the sources of their technology.

This approach takes time and patience, but this is how nations gain control over other nations. It has proven to be the most effective path towards expanding one’s influence and power, particularly in highly inhabited parts of the universe such as this.

You do not want to be open to the universe. You do not want to reveal your activities, your conflicts, your difficulties, your aspirations, your plans and your goals to those who observe you. Your allies understand this, for they have had to maintain great secrecy regarding their presence in the universe and their engagement with other nations. Only those nations that are free can associate with one another more freely, but even then, their engagement is limited and must be protected with great emphasis.

You know not of the great disadvantage you are creating for yourself in broadcasting your communications into space. It is the problem of living on the surface of your world, where everything can be observed. Many advanced nations in the universe have chosen to live underground for this purpose, and some have chosen to live underground out of necessity, for if your planet’s climate system is disrupted, surface living becomes difficult if not impossible. Living underground has many advantages. Discretion is one of them. But that is not your condition now, so you will have to find other ways to maintain discretion.

Your world is being watched. Your governments are being watched. Your conflicts are being watched. Your trade and commerce are being watched. Your tendencies are being watched, both by your allies and by those who would seek to exploit you.

In the future, should you gain a greater unity and should you be able to sustain the use of your world, the development of this discretion will become essential. For indiscretion is always exploited in nature. It always makes one vulnerable in nature, and the universe is a natural environment, fundamentally.

There are limits to technology. There are limits to travel. There are limits to what anyone can do with machines. You have not yet reached those limits, but they do exist. There are older races in your neighborhood who have reached those limits, and that is why they seek to use power in the mental environment and to develop this power both for their own defense and to take advantage of whatever opportunities may exist within their sphere of influence and within their local regions in space.

Ultimately, no one on the outside should know what is going on in your world, not even your allies or potential friends. They will respect this discretion. They will expect it, and they will understand it.

This will require a very different approach to how you live and to how you communicate. Certainly, broadcasting the way you do is entirely inappropriate. That is why your scientists who seek to listen to broadcasts in the universe will not hear very much because no advanced nation broadcasts in this way. Discreet information is sent. Discreet channels of communication are established and utilized heavily, but general broadcasting is not done for the very reasons that we are describing.

Therefore, the three requirements for freedom are all unmet by the human family at this time. You are not united and face the risk of greater division and conflict between your peoples and nations. You are rapidly destroying your self-sufficiency in your world. And you are hardly discreet, broadcasting your strengths and weaknesses to all who wish to view them.

These three areas then represent the primary focus for the advancement of humanity: the establishment of human unity and cooperation based upon necessity; the cessation of overuse of the world and the maintenance of its resources and all that that will require in terms of how people live and how people engage with one another in your world; and the development of discreet channels of communication-both through a deeper awareness and through technology.

These are the three great needs of humanity, not only for your own well being and your future in this world, but also to give you the opportunity to build real freedom and unity in the Greater Community. Any contribution that you can make as an individual and as part of the human family in this regard is vitally important in giving humanity a greater freedom and a greater promise for the future.


==================================================================================
Third Briefing: The Tools of the Intervention


We must speak on the Intervention that is occurring in your world in light of the three requirements for freedom. First, you must see that intervention is part of nature. It is bound to occur. It is destined to happen. Anyone who has power in the universe must face the risk of intervention, competition and intrusion. Anyone who has gained an advantage in any way-technological advantage or rare and valuable resources-will have to face the problem of intervention and competition in the universe. It is a universal problem, and that again is why the wise remain hidden. That again is why humanity must learn to be extremely discreet.

You are living in a world of tremendous natural diversity and biological resources. Those who are intervening in your world today are not interested in the resources that you hold most dear. They are interested in biological resources, particularly those resources that represent the building blocks of life-genetic agents, chlorophyll, blood and plasma. These are the things that are valuable and are greatly needed in a universe full of barren worlds. Some of this represents illegal trade, trade that is not allowed for ethical reasons, but trade that exists nonetheless.

Rare metals are also sought here-metals that you are aware of and metals that you are not aware of. These things must be mined with human assistance. Anything that a foreign race seeks to do in this world must have significant human assistance. This is because of the biological barrier that this world presents to the universe and to those races who have evolved in sterile environments, who are not adapted to be in biological, terrestrial environments such as this. Because worlds such as this are very rare, there are very few races in the universe who have this adaptation. That is why the native races must be cultivated and genetically aligned with the intervening races. It is a time-consuming process, but the results are believed to be worth it by those who are engaging in such activities.

The Intervention is of two kinds. There are resource explorers, which nearly always represent one race, operating with great freedom and impunity, which are clients of larger powers. Sometimes, they are clients of independent trading networks that are engaged in illegal trade. Those resource explorers who have been in your world and who are in your world today represent members of this group.

Then there are Collectives, who are multi-racial, hierarchical and very well organized. Their worker classes are bred for specific purposes, and they are involved in collective breeding, which is a practice not all advanced races are engaged in. The Collectives seek a more permanent residence in this world. They seek it as a world that either they or their clients could own and govern from afar, with human assistance. That is why such great care has been taken to study human psychology, human physiology and your reproductive process, as well as the biological hazards that exist on Earth. That is one of the reasons that plant samples have been taken and the world has been observed for such a very long time.

It is perhaps surprising for you to realize that an advanced technological race would have difficulty adapting to your world, believing that their science and medical technology would have overcome the difficulties involved here. But, alas, so great are these difficulties that there is no race who has evolved in sterile or near sterile environments that could easily withstand the biological agents that exist here. Even the illnesses of your animals could affect them. So great is this hazard that in recent history few races have attempted colonization of this world.

But now the Collectives see an advantage, for humanity has built networks that they can use-worldwide communications, worldwide resource extraction and a sufficient level of technology that can, at a basic level, interface with what they use and rely upon.

Humanity is also developing greater sources of destructive power, and should this power be fully cultivated, then interventions such as this kind would be more difficult to attempt.

Lastly, there is the deterioration of your natural environment, which is threatening many of the very resources that the Intervention seeks. That is why the Intervention has gone into its mature phase in the last half century, an accelerated phase involving four fundamental activities: the attempt to persuade certain individuals in positions of power in government, commerce and religion; to establish a physical presence and familiarity within the world itself; to influence religious views and tendencies, which also includes the promotion of human conflict; and the program of hybridization to establish adapted beings in a human form who are allegiant to the Intervention and who can assume greater governing powers here in the world. These four interrelated programs represent the activities of the Collectives.

Resource explorers operate in a more simple manner, by taking things they need from the world, as they are able to find them. But the Collectives have a more complex and long-range plan in establishing power and influence within this world. They recognize the strengths and weaknesses of the human family and your tendency towards conflict. They recognize that to gain human allegiance, which is their goal, they must present themselves as capable of assisting and even saving humanity from its own problems and from the great challenges that it now faces. The Intervention will present itself, therefore, in a more enlightened form-as spiritual agents, as those who have overcome war and conflict, who live in peace and who have achieved technology that humanity can now use and, indeed, now needs in order to rescue its environment and to bring a cessation of conflict in the world.

Yet this all represents deception, for the Collectives actually seek to increase human conflict, to weaken the strongest worldly powers and to gain allegiance through human failure-allegiance and a reliance upon their presence. Their interbreeding program is not only to establish individuals in positions of power, but also to condition and to program those that they take to become the Intervention’s representatives and apologists-those who will promote the Intervention and the peoples of the world having direct access to these intervening powers, bypassing their governments, bypassing human authority figures, in order to establish direct contact with those forces who are conditioning people to believe that the Intervention is here on their behalf.

It is a clever approach and well conceived, and so far it is progressing with very little human resistance. Even the governments of the world have been seduced in many ways. They have made contracts with the Intervention which the Intervention has violated, and now there are those within the governments of the world who are aware of the Intervention and who support it, and there are those who are aware of it and who oppose it. So the seeds of conflict and opposition have even been sown within the corridors of power within your nations’ governments, many of them.

The Intervention is being carried out by physical beings who are driven by the same needs that drive humanity-the need for resources, the need for power, the need for wealth and the need for strategic advantage. It is these very things that drive all nations in the universe. You must not regard these beings as evil or demonic or as angelic. They are beings driven by the same needs that drive humanity.

It is important now that we address the question of how the Intervention is functioning within the context of the three primary requirements that humanity must meet and must utilize in order to become a free race in the universe. The Intervention does not value freedom. It is unknown amongst its participants. It will, therefore, seek to oppose or undermine any progress that humanity will attempt to make regarding these three fundamental requirements.

Human unity will be opposed because a united human family will be very difficult to influence. Human conflict can be so easily antagonized, increased and directed. The Intervention does not want to see humanity unite in facing the Greater Community. Therefore, human conflict will be encouraged, particularly by those hybridized individuals who have assumed positions in advising human leaders. It is their advising roles that have the most influence here. These are not individuals that you will see, for they are not public. They are hidden and well placed.

However, they have their opponents within governments. For there is a struggle going on within the secret corridors of government, and that is why the Intervention has sought to influence commercial powers even more than government officials. For commercial powers are governed by greed. They seek wealth, power, predominance and advantage over their rivals. They do not have public scrutiny and are not accountable to people at large, and so they are much more likely candidates for the plan of the Intervention to gain human representatives and human liaisons.

Human unity will be opposed by the Intervention, for a united humanity will oppose intervention. It will become increasingly resistant to any attempt by any foreign power to gain access or advantage here. That is why the emphasis for the Intervention is to amplify human crises, human conflicts, human disagreements and to encourage the proliferation of weapons, to lead humanity further in its own self-determined path of destruction.

A weakened humanity will be vulnerable to persuasion, and a weakened humanity will be more likely to respond to offers of technology, to offers of assistance in governance and to offers of becoming connected to trade networks that already exist in the universe. If humanity declines, it will be hard for either your leaders or your peoples to turn down offers of technology and resources that will be provided for you-offers that will surely undermine your self-determination and make you dependent upon networks of trade, commerce and power over which you will have no influence or control.

These activities are not evil in the sense that you might think. They represent competition, and competition is part of nature. If you are to be powerful, others will compete with you. If you possess wealth, others will compete with you for this wealth. If you misuse the world, others will seek to take advantage of this for themselves. And if you remain divided, others will try to use that to their advantage.

Regarding resource depletion, the Intervention will support the overuse of those resources that you rely upon for your basic energy requirements, for they do not need these resources. The depletion of these resources will further hasten humanity’s conflicts and decline. Therefore, the overuse of such resources and people’s desire to maintain their current behavior will be encouraged.

A foreign agent here would need only encourage you to do what you have been doing all along-for practical reasons, to maintain wealth and power, to maintain your nation’s stability and to maintain its predominance over other nations. These agents will provide this advice to your leaders, and especially to the leaders in commerce, who always will seek profit and advantage.

Since the Intervention represents commercial forces, they are particularly focused on aligning themselves with human commercial forces in your world. Here they share a common purpose and many common methods, and they can appeal to individuals who have this focus and this intent. Who amongst the powerful and the elite in your commerce and trade within this world could refuse the offer of advanced technology and refuse the offer of proprietary rights to something that none of their rivals possesses? Who could refuse the opportunity to engage in trade and commerce with powerful forces beyond this world?

Leaders in commerce are not accountable to the public, to the people of your world. They are not scrutinized. Their positions are secure. They do not need to win public favor in order to proceed in their search for power. Who amongst them will refuse the offers of advanced technology and trade with other nations and the wealth, power and advantage that such engagements might promise?

Even your religious leaders will be encouraged to align themselves with the Intervention. They will be encouraged to believe that the Intervention represents advanced life forms, morally and ethically advanced, beyond anything that humanity has established, and that humanity must turn to them now for inspiration and for guidance. These religious leaders will be led to believe that the Intervention is here as an act of providence, an act of God, to safeguard humanity and to assure its future. It is their beliefs and their emphasis that will be exploited here, for they are not able to see clearly and discern the meaning and the reality of the Greater Community.

Amongst those who are rebellious and who seek to foster revolution, the Intervention will give them inspiration. It can whisper in their minds, it can present images in front of them-images of their saints, images of their gods, images of the righteousness of their cause. Those individuals who cannot distinguish a Greater Community presence from a spiritual manifestation will not be able to resist. Now they will feel they have divine will and support for their political goals. Now they will feel justified in taking any action, no matter how destructive, in order to fulfill their beliefs and their sense of justice.

None of these inspirations comes from a divine source, for the Creator of the universe would never support human conflict. But for a conflicted race of beings living in a beautiful world that is valued by others, this conflict represents a critical advantage to an intervening force. Here a much smaller force can overwhelm a much greater force.

The Collectives are a very small presence in the world, and yet they can have great advantage here, encouraging governments to take actions not in their best interests and encouraging conflicts that will only lead both sides to a greater decline and impoverishment. They can promote the use of the world’s resources in such a way that would only lead to humanity’s decline and the collapse of societies, and even civilization itself.

The Intervention is exploiting your weakness, and that is why you must cultivate your strength. You must see that your predispositions towards conflict and division are inherently self-destructive and render your position weak and vulnerable in the face of the Greater Community. Human unity and cooperation will be essential for humanity’s future if you are to remain and to grow as a free race of peoples in the universe. The Intervention will oppose this, for that will counter its goals and even its presence here in this world.

Regarding the issue of discretion, the Intervention wants to know everything about you-how to govern your views, how to motivate your feelings, how to stimulate your emotions, how to make you behave in the ways that it wants you to behave. For control of the human mind and perception is essential to its ultimate goals of governance in this world.

Human discretion, therefore, runs counter to the Intervention’s objectives and will be discouraged. Only in keeping the Intervention’s secrets will humanity’s discretion be supported-only in hiding its agenda and forgetting what individuals have been told and the often brutal experiments that they have been subjected to as they were taken from their homes and their families against their will. Here forgetfulness will be encouraged, even with threats of violence.

The Intervention does not want the human population to know its real activities and its real intent. It does not want to see humanity become more powerful. It does not want to see humanity gain insulation from the Greater Community. For the Intervention is here to establish dependence and cooperation. This is their pathway to success, a pathway that is not being sufficiently resisted within your own world.

The power of Knowledge is the sacred intelligence placed within each individual. The power of Knowledge is unknown to the Intervention, for if it were known, there would be no Intervention, and such unethical behavior would not be attempted. The greater powers of humanity are not being used, and humanity is being encouraged to behave in ways that are not in its best interests.

While it is true that humanity could commit all of its errors on its own, to have the support of the Intervention only makes the hazards greater. This is being done in a completely hidden way. While the Intervention will present itself to its believers and its advocates as a benign and spiritual force, in reality it will be supporting the very forces that undermine humanity’s integrity, its unity and its self-confidence. The Intervention will undermine people’s belief and confidence in their leaders and their institutions, thus fostering a vacuum of confidence that can easily be shifted to a foreign power that is presenting itself as a benign and advanced race.

This is the nature of deception that is placed upon a weak and divided humanity-a deception generated by several competing groups of economic Collectives who seek to have advantage here. Such activities and deception have been used by humanity as well, so these are understandable to you. Technology only aids the Intervention in remaining hidden and in giving it certain powers over people’s physical response to their presence. But it is the power of persuasion in the mental environment, the power of making people think what the Intervention wants them to think, to feel what the Intervention wants them to feel and to do what the Intervention wants them to do that represents its greatest strength and advantage here.

The Intervention cannot use force, and it is not a military presence, so it does not have this capability. It will use its greatest strength, which is the power of persuasion, and it is using this to great effect. It has not won its objective yet. It has not achieved its goals yet. But every day the Intervention grows stronger. Every day its influence becomes more pervasive. Every day its effort to pacify human resistance and to direct human activity increases. For it seeks to pacify those who would resist it and to encourage human conflict at the same time.

The Intervention is here to encourage the loss of faith in human leadership and human institutions. It is here to strengthen its presence as the saviors of humanity. Whether the reins of power would be given to it publicly and visibly or whether it would occur behind the scenes, the Intervention needs tremendous human assistance and support. It must do this to satisfy those who are watching its presence here from afar, and it must do this to gain ascendancy in the world without destroying the world’s resources or endangering their ultimate goals here.

You have the power to resist this. You have the power to resist this and many other forms of intrusion that will be attempted in the future. Humanity does not know its own strength, and that is why it is so vulnerable. Humanity does not recognize its advantage in living in a highly populated region of space where military conquest is not allowed and where war and violence are rare. You do not realize the advantage this gives you. If you raise your voice against the Intervention, it is put at risk. If you oppose the Intervention, if enough people can do this, the Intervention must withdraw.

Other attempts will be made in the future, for the world is a prize, and humanity is part of the value of the world for those who seek to have it for themselves. This is the nature of life in the universe. The advancement of technology does not override these tendencies. It does not eliminate corruption and deception. It makes the acquisition of resources more urgent and more difficult to accomplish. And it makes worlds such as yours, which contain such a wealth of biological materials, amazingly valuable to other races who seek to use these things and have access to them for themselves.

Surely, you must know and understand that if you have power and wealth in the universe, there will be competition. Only if you believed that you were truly alone and isolated in space could you think otherwise. But you are not alone, and you are not isolated. Now that you have gained a certain degree of technological ability and have built a technology for others to use, the motivation for intervention will become stronger, and the attempt to gain human allegiance and to gain the reins of power will be invested in greatly.

Yet as we have said, humanity has the power to offset the Intervention, to build a boundary between itself and the universe and to establish its own rules of engagement regarding who may visit here and under what circumstances visitation may occur. You have not assumed this power, but it is there for you to assume, and assume it you must. It is this emphasis and humanity’s overall vulnerability that can create a sufficient motivation for human unity and cooperation to be established at a greater level.

Humanity must establish unity, self-sufficiency and discretion. It must learn how to do this over time, using whatever resources are at its disposal. If human unity is to provide freedom in the future, it must be a unity based upon consensus and awareness and a Greater Community understanding.

It is this awareness and understanding that we wish to support in these series of Briefings. We are not here to provide what people may want to hear out of curiosity or fascination, but instead to provide those things that are essential for your progress and for the defense of your world. For you do not know your vulnerability, and you do not know your strength. These must become known to you. If you do not know your vulnerability, you will not see the need for your strength. And if you do not realize your strength, your vulnerability can overtake you.

This is life in your world and life throughout the universe. This is what every race must face if it is to become strong and free. This is the responsibility that comes with power and wealth. You possess some power and a great deal of wealth in the resources of this world. Therefore, you must become responsible, and your people must be united in this cause. If they are kept in ignorance regarding the Greater Community, they will not understand the great need of humanity. And their focus and their activities will not support the establishment of human unity, self-sufficiency and discretion.


==================================================================================
Fourth Briefing: Hidden Powers


Humanity has a strength that it has not yet realized, a strength that can offset the Intervention, a strength that will give humanity a greater promise and a greater power in the universe. This is an unseen strength. It is a strength that once experienced becomes an essential force in directing one’s life and in providing one’s true power and security.

This power is called Knowledge in the universe. It is the power to see, to know and to act with clarity and certainty. It is a power that is beyond persuasion and manipulation from any foreign source or from any other source. It is a power that is given as a potential to each individual within the human family and beyond.

In the Greater Community, religion ultimately becomes the study and application of The Way of Knowledge, for this is what is most translatable in religion. Local customs, local teachers, local history does not translate from one world to another. Only that which is essential in the study and the practice of the awareness of the Creator and the Creator’s great endowment of Knowledge to the individual is translatable.

Only in worlds where individual freedom is valued and supported is Knowledge a true emphasis and a true goal, not only for the individual but for the nation at large. That is why Knowledge is feared and avoided in nations where there is no individual freedom because the power of Knowledge can stimulate individual creativity, individual dissent and individual differentiation from the will and the direction of the group. It is this freedom and creativity that give your life its dynamic qualities, its power and its potency. This enables an individual to fulfill their destiny in the world.

The cultivation of Knowledge is rare in the universe because freedom is rare in the universe. The Way of Knowledge is studied in secret in many worlds and nations where freedom is discouraged or is not allowed. It is most potently expressed in free nations, where it is seen as not only the avenue to personal fulfillment and contribution, but also as a source of power in the mental environment-a power that can be used to protect a free race from foreign intrusion and intervention.

Humanity does not yet realize how much strength it truly has and the advantages that you have because your religions have been maintained and have not been replaced by a belief in technology. They have not been completely subjugated to the political agendas of ruling nations. Though there has been much corruption, we understand, the power and the presence of Knowledge in humanity remains strong, and its potential for the future is greatly encouraging.

If this Knowledge were not present and were not accessible to human beings, then our message of warning, encouragement and hope would be of no purpose. We are speaking to this Knowledge within you and within all human hearts. It is not ideas that we are presenting as much as the recognition of reality and the preparation that humanity must undergo to prepare for its future in the Greater Community. For your destiny is there, and your success and your failure will occur within the context of the Greater Community.

Knowledge represents a deeper voice. It is how the Creator will speak to you-to guide you, to protect you and to prepare you. It is completely free from interference, persuasion and manipulation. It represents the core of your strength and your most powerful asset. Any action you may take to preserve humanity’s freedom would in the end prove to be unsuccessful if Knowledge did not accompany it.

This is one of the reasons again why the wise remain hidden, for they have the power and the presence of Knowledge. The Intervention does not know of this Knowledge and does not use it, and therefore it represents your greatest strength. But the awareness of Knowledge must be cultivated. The need for Knowledge must be recognized, for your individual intellect cannot compete with the power of the group mind that exists in the Greater Community. Yet Knowledge within you is immune from its influence and can see through its deceptions.

The strength of your ideas and beliefs are weak compared to those that are held firmly by many minds in the Greater Community. But the power of Knowledge is stronger. It cannot be turned. It cannot be betrayed. It cannot be altered by any power in the universe. Only the Creator of all life can speak to it, and only to this does it listen.

Knowledge within you is united with Knowledge within others. So as Knowledge becomes stronger in the human family, war and conflict will lose their appeal and attraction. As Knowledge becomes stronger in the human family, offers of foreign technology and foreign governance will lose their appeal. To Knowledge, they will mean nothing. All those things that influence people to harm themselves, or to engage in activities that are not in their best interests, will lose their appeal in the face of Knowledge, this deeper power.

Not all human beings need to find this power, but many do. Otherwise, the Intervention will go unimpeded. The governments will hide what they know, struggling within themselves in how to deal with this presence and its intentions, and the people of the world will remain self-obsessed and ignorant, unaware of the greater threat to their future and their freedom.

If enough people can become strong with Knowledge and learn about the Greater Community, then humanity will not succumb. It will resist the Intervention. And its resistance will demonstrate to the governors of trade and commerce that humanity is a self-determined race and does not will to be interfered with and controlled by foreign powers. This will give you strength and respect, which at this moment you do not have.

The greatest gift that any other races can give you is their wisdom about life in the universe and their awareness of the power of Knowledge. It is this non-technological power that will make all the difference in which path you take-whether you will choose conflict and war within your world or cooperation and unity, whether you will prepare for the Greater Community by recognizing the presence of the Intervention and its threat or whether you will ignore them to focus on other things that you think to be important. And it is people’s awareness of this inner power that will determine what path humanity will take in establishing human unity-whether that be a path of oppression and submission or a path of consensus and awareness. It will determine what people see, what they know and what they do.

This is how central Knowledge is to your experience, and this is why it represents the greatest power in the universe. Those who are strong with Knowledge have power in the mental environment. They cannot be seduced, and they cannot be induced by any force. They will value freedom, they will value strength, they will value unity and they will value purpose. Humanity does value these things, but not sufficiently regarding your emergence into the Greater Community and not sufficiently regarding the declining condition of your world.

We know this because intervention has occurred in many places, even within our own worlds, where we had to fight and struggle to regain our freedom and to expel those forces that were attempting to guide us and to control us. Our histories are difficult and not without regret. Many of our kind were lost in the struggle for freedom because we did not pay heed to the warning in time and then had to face the very difficult task of overthrowing those who had established themselves as powers within our own respective worlds.

That is why the Creator of all life has sent us to speak for the allies of humanity-to advise humanity, to warn humanity and to encourage humanity to recognize its great opportunities and the great dangers that lie ahead, to prepare accordingly and to seek the deeper power of Knowledge, which will provide for you the inspiration, the courage and the will to undertake the difficult change that must be established within the world.

Humanity does not know of its strength, and the Intervention is leading it only to believe in its weakness. The Intervention wants humanity to feel weak and helpless, discouraged and despondent. This is the perfect environment in which the Intervention can establish itself-establish its power, build its support and gain its advantage in a foreign world.

This is why you must consider these things we speak of before you come to any conclusions about the potential for humanity in its own world and beyond its world. Great care and skill must be brought to your encounters with intelligent life from beyond the world. The need for transparency and accountability regarding any visitation is very great. Here you must have certainty and not only hope.

Knowledge provides certainty. Without Knowledge, you may have hope, but without certainty, hope is weak and can easily be discouraged. Certainty will tell you what you must do. It will inform you of what is required of you as an individual and what is required of your nations. We have provided the three requirements to build and establish freedom in the Greater Community. These can serve as contexts for important human development. But these developments must be inspired by Knowledge. Otherwise, the desire for unity can lead to oppression. The desire for discernment can lead to secrecy, if not guided by Knowledge.

The Intervention must be opposed. Its presence must be denounced. Its activities must be exposed. People must refuse to believe in foreign powers who are here without human permission, acting against human will and awareness. Disclosure to people from their governments is important, but people also must disclose what they see and what they themselves have experienced regarding the presence of the Intervention.

Humanity must build its boundary to space. It must give its eyes and attention to space. You cannot have your back to the universe if you are going to be able to see what is coming and see what is already here.

The taking of people against their will must be exposed and denounced. It is for an insidious purpose. It can only weaken and divide the human family even further. You must recognize that competition now exists-competition from beyond the world. This competition must be recognized and must be exposed. Those who have believed that this presence is here for humanity’s good must see that this is not the case, that they have been deceived and that those who have been taken against their will believe in things that they were encouraged to believe.

You are the native peoples of this world. You are experiencing intervention. The history of your world teaches you what intervention is like, and that it is always carried out in the interest of those who are intervening. Do not let yourself then fall under foreign persuasion and intervention. Understand that your true friends and allies would never intervene in the world in this way or carry on such activities, which only threaten the well-being of people and undermine humanity’s unity, self-sufficiency and discretion.

To be able to discern friend from foe in the universe, you must know the difference between your strength and your weakness, for your foe will speak to your weakness, and your friend will speak to your strength. Everything that humanity values is now at risk-all that you have created, all of your advancements, all that you have accomplished which is significant. You do not realize the gifts that have been given here and how important they are.

You will encounter races in the universe within whose populations compassion is not shown towards one another. Their people have become more like machines-governed, controlled and directed, with very little thought or feeling for themselves or for one another. This is common. This is one of the directions a race can take to establish stability and security. It is not the direction your allies have taken. They have charted a very different course for their peoples and for their future.

Do not think that humanity’s future is hopeless because to think this is to fall prey to the persuasion that has been cast upon the human family. For the Intervention seeks either to win your favor or to defeat your opposition. If they cannot win your favor, they will seek to discourage you and leave you hopeless and in despair.

Faith in humanity, faith in the power of good human leadership, faith in the necessity and the requirement of human unity, self-sufficiency and discretion-you must never lose this faith. No matter what things appear to be, you must never give up. The Intervention wants you to give up, to give in and to give over. But you must never do these things in the Greater Community. For once your freedom is lost, it is extremely difficult to reclaim, as we ourselves have experienced so powerfully.

It is going to take tremendous courage to do what must be done in the world-tremendous human innovation, human commitment and cooperation. If you do not believe this is possible, then the Intervention has already won. Then it is only a matter of time. You have succumbed without even realizing the influence that has been cast upon you.

Freedom and unity are difficult to achieve, and they must be driven by a great necessity. It is not merely by chance that a nation would become free in the universe. It is by necessity and by choice. If you are not free in the universe, you will be governed by others. If you do not achieve and support your freedom, then you will not control your destiny. This is the reality of life in the universe. It is a reality that can either redeem you or defeat you, depending upon how you respond to it.

Many have failed in the Greater Community for these very reasons. Emerging races such as your own, unable to establish their freedom or having lost their self-sufficiency, find themselves under the persuasion of foreign powers-overtaken often without any acts of overt violence, overtaken as a result of their own conflicts, overtaken by their own deprivation. All advancing nations face resource depletion. It is what they choose to do in the face of this that makes all the difference. Knowledge within the individual will guide them to make the right decision. But if Knowledge is unknown or is not being experienced, then other decisions will be made.

Humanity has great power, but it is not using its great power. It has great potential, but it is not realizing its potential. Individuals and nations still seek to gain as much as they can from their environment, without any thought of tomorrow and what tomorrow will bring. Nations are opposing each other and groups are opposing each other, without any awareness that they both face domination in the Greater Community.

Here the Greater Community can be seen either as a great threat, a threat that people will deny or avoid, or a great challenge that can unite humanity on its own behalf, using its own power and skill. Here humanity will gain its strength through necessity-the strength of responding to a changing environment and to a changing set of circumstances.


==================================================================================
Fifth Briefing: Many Voices in the Universe


There are many voices now that will speak to humanity, voices from the Greater Community. Their messages will be delivered to individuals to be given to the world. Many of these messages will be the same or very similar-encouraging Contact, encouraging trust, encouraging compliance and discouraging resistance, discouraging doubt, discouraging further inquiry and discouraging the asking of questions.

Humanity has only one set of true allies in this neighborhood of space in which your world exists. We have been sent to represent them. There are other mentors farther away who will send a message to humanity encouraging human freedom, human unity and human sovereignty. But amongst those who live in your vicinity, we represent those free nations that are closest to humanity and have the most to hope for and to fear, depending on the decisions that humanity will make for itself.

The consequences will be great for us. For free nations are rare and have had to earn their freedom. They have had to mature and become strong and united to ward off the many influences that the Greater Community will inevitably bring to them.

You do not yet know what a great requirement this is. Perhaps you do not yet have the confidence that humanity can achieve such a significant goal-a goal that far exceeds anything that humanity has established for itself thus far.

The Intervention is eroding human confidence, encouraging humanity’s dependence on foreign powers for its technology, for its guidance and for its governance, while your true allies will only provide wisdom and point the direction towards Knowledge.

There are many voices. If your life is based upon wishful thinking and hope alone, you will choose those voices that tell you what you wish to hear and that amplify and justify your hope. If your approach to life is based on fear, you will listen to those voices that tell you that you have no power in the universe and that it is useless to resist.

These are two forms of persuasion leading to the same end. But the path of freedom for humanity has to set a higher goal and one more difficult to achieve. For acquiescence is easy. Submission appears to be easy. Receiving gifts, and with them governance, appears to be easy. Many people want what is easy, even if it is not what is right.

This issue of faith and determination are crucially important for humanity, for your allies are not going to come and rescue you by force. We have spent a very long time securing our position in the Greater Community, building up our insulation and our anonymity, maintaining our connections with one another, building our strength and our discernment, our unity and our self-sufficiency. We would not threaten all of this to rescue a weak and divided race, regardless of its great talents and potential.

It is humanity that must gain this strength, this faith and this determination. If it does not do this now, it will not do this in the future. The power of Knowledge within you will guide you and lead you to do this as an individual and as part of a greater effort.

Securing stability and freedom in your world represent the two great activities for the human family now. This means creating stability in facing the great change that is happening in your environment and establishing unity based upon consensus and awareness rather than by forced submission. You must aim towards this and not settle for a compromise with any foreign power.

One of the reasons that free nations are rare is that the goal requires great strength, faith and determination. It is easy to align yourself with other powers. It is easy to receive their offerings. It is easy to hand over the reins of authority to others, hoping and believing that they are benign in their intentions.

Many choose this path. Many are led to choose this path. Some are led easily. With others it is more difficult. But humanity will have to be fiercely independent if it is to remain free within a Greater Community of intelligent life, where the expressions of power and influence are very strong and are very constant. It is the strength of being a person who is strong within their own culture, facing so many influences that would compromise that person. We can speak of this, for it is a universal problem.

A free nation will want strong individuals. A nation that is not free will want compliant individuals.

A free nation will support individual creativity and contribution. A nation that is not free will direct each person according to the design that has been given to them.

A free nation will support the discovery and the experience of Knowledge. A nation that is not free will never mention it, if it is aware of it at all.

A free nation will seek to remain isolated in the universe and to support its self-sufficiency. A nation that is not free will seek whatever wealth and power it can gain from others and thus become intertwined with the intentions and the compromises wrought with other nations.

A free nation will not attempt to gain access to other worlds to exploit their resources and to gain control over their inhabitants. A nation that is not free will do this within the boundaries of what is allowed within their region of space.

If a nation that is not free lives in an uncharted territory or in a sparsely inhabited part of the galaxy, they can use force to overtake another nation, for in that circumstance, there is nothing to oppose them unless they have a direct competitor.

Free nations will want to maintain a connection with each other for support and for the sharing of wisdom. Nations that are not free will become bound together for wealth and acquisition and to support each other in maintaining their compliant populations.

Free nations will seek to communicate deeply and openly with other free nations. Nations that are not free will seek to control and manipulate the perceptions and the responses of others.

Free nations will share their wisdom with emerging races such as your own. Nations that are not free will seek to take advantage of these emerging races. If these emerging races possess wealth or a world of strategic importance, they will seek dominance and control there.

The very wise in the universe, whom we have learned from in our own development over time, have told us that one should not seek technology beyond what is needed and required for unity, self-sufficiency and discretion. For if one seeks ever further power and advantage through technology, one will become exposed to other nations. One will compete with other nations. One will become intertwined with other nations.

There are many voices in the universe. There are many messages being delivered to the Earth. You must evaluate them based upon their content and upon your connection to Knowledge. You must want the truth above and beyond any other advantage, or your desires will blind you and your beliefs will lead you astray.

It is a difficult challenge to be the race that is discovered. It carries with it a great responsibility and a great danger. Humanity has no defense yet against such intrusions nor does it recognize the danger that exists at its borders. You are living and thinking as if you lived in isolation, without realizing that your isolation is over and that you will never have it again. You have reached a point in your development where other races will attempt to persuade you and influence you on an ongoing basis.

You possess wealth and yet, to your advantage, Knowledge has not been taken away from you. You have maintained your religious traditions. You have maintained awareness that you have a connection to a Divine Source beyond any worldly power. You value your conscience, still. Knowledge has been kept alive in the world for your benefit. Now you need it as never before.

Knowledge has told us to prepare these Briefings for the benefit of humanity. Knowledge has guided us to take great risks to ourselves to come into the proximity of your world to closely observe the Intervention that is occurring here. Now that our Briefings have become public, the Intervention is aware of our presence and has tried to find us. To avoid capture, we have left your region and are in a secure position far outside your solar system.

Our thoughts are private. Knowledge has taught us how to keep our thoughts private. And the Great Presence-whom we call the Teachers, whom you might think of as an Angelic Presence-has enabled these communications to Earth to take place, free of any technological interference or interception.

We have great assistance in this matter. And humanity has great assistance as well. But even the greatest assistance cannot be effective if humanity will not claim its own strength and exercise its own duties and responsibilities as the native peoples of this world. Great assistance cannot overcome ambivalence. It cannot overcome all the compromises you have made in your engagement with one another and in your use of your world.

We know what it is like to be discovered, and we are well suited to provide this wisdom to you, for we have undergone intervention, each of us in our own worlds. In several of our worlds, the Intervention took control and had to be overthrown violently, at great cost. Others amongst us were able to prevent the seizure of our nations and our assets.

We have learned, through error and through trial, the wisdom that we are presenting to you now. We too believed that we were the center of life in the universe and that any who would come to visit us would take great interest in us. Since we were self-centered, we believed and expected that the visitation would be centered upon us. But, alas, their presence was to gain access to resources, to gain allegiance, to establish our dependence on their technology and to intertwine us in their networks of trade and commerce, luring us with promises of wealth and power.

Each of our nations succumbed to certain degrees to this persuasion, for we were facing our own challenge of resource depletion in various stages. Of our seven nations, four were overtaken. The other three resisted this sufficiently to build the strength to resist intervention. We do not want to see humanity fall under the persuasion of foreign powers, for most races that do will never regain their freedom or sovereignty.

It is a critical time of decision in how you will live, how you will use and preserve your world and how you will engage and discern the Greater Community. The wisdom that we provide here can be very helpful to you in understanding what you are facing beyond the borders of your world. But we must call upon your strength. We must encourage you to mount this effort for yourselves, to educate your peoples and to undertake a Greater Community education. Your peoples are facing persuasion, inducement and pacification from their contact with those who are in your world today. The Intervention cares nothing for your cultures, and freedom is unknown to them. They only see it as the weakness of humanity, believing in the strength of their united effort.

You will not meet their leaders, for they are hidden. You will only encounter their servants and their human representatives. Already they have created crossbred individuals who are advisers in the corridors of power, particularly in the arena of commerce. They are planting seeds for a long-term effort, and humanity is aiding them in more ways than it knows by engaging in conflict between your nations and tribes, in competition and contention between your religious institutions and by overexploiting and overusing the resources of your world and not distributing them equitably, as any advanced nation must do.

You are aiding the Intervention in countless ways. They have but to plant their seeds, carry forth their agenda and allow time to bring humanity into their grasp. It is a plan well conceived, but it could not be achieved if humanity were well versed in the affairs of the Greater Community, recognized the danger in its midst and were determined to correct its activities and behaviors in the world.

This is why Briefings from your Allies have been sent and have been sent again. We must repeat our message continuously for it to be clearly understood, for we are competing with other messages that are being sent to the world, messages from the Intervention and messages from those nations that support the Intervention. We are communicating very different messages from one another, from very different sources, with a very different message, leading to a very different outcome.

If you believe or pray that another nation will come to save you, you will be saved by another nation that has helped lead you into your current and future state of decline. You will be playing into the plans that have been sown and laid for you. What nation would come to defend your world and to guide your leaders if they did not have the intention of establishing themselves there? No nation, no free nation, would risk its anonymity to do this or to put itself in direct opposition to nations that are not free, to risk war and the destruction of all that they have established to build their immunity, their discretion and their freedom from the Greater Community at large.

It is a fool’s trap. You do not yet see that those who would come to save you are but the competitors of those who seem to threaten you or even, in some cases, are working in concert with them. One will weaken you. The other will seem to rescue you. And all of this behavior will be done in compliance with what is allowed as long as humanity does not show significant resistance to the presence of foreign races. Like many general rules, there are many ways to get around it, many ways to use it and many ways to exploit it.

The regional powers that hold such sway in this region of space simply do not want war or outright conflict. They do not want their networks of trade to be disturbed. A few will take interest in the possibilities for your world, but most simply want to maintain the great networks that they have established and on which they are now dependent.

Your true friends in the Greater Community will not try to take over your world. Anyone who comes into your world and interferes with human affairs must attempt to control human awareness, perception and behavior to their own ends. Even if they believe they are doing this for your benefit, they must still seize control and exert their influence in ways that will undermine your future and your freedom.

The wise in the universe know these things. The unwise either do not know or choose not to listen. The fate of humanity will be determined in the next several decades by how humanity faces its own environmental crisis and how humanity chooses to deal with and to respond to the Intervention that is in the world today. It is a time of great choosing, a time of great risk.

We know this. We had chosen incorrectly and then correctly regarding our encounters with life in the universe. But we had others like us to advise us, for not only did we have allies in the universe, we had great friends beyond the visual range. Groups such as ours were sent to each of our worlds to advise us and to help us to prepare through Knowledge and wisdom. They did not take an active part in our liberation. They were only mentoring us towards our freedom and educating us as to what freedom would require and how it could be achieved.

Every individual in the universe who is intelligent has Knowledge within them. But in a highly controlled environment, the possibility of this Knowledge to be stimulated and to emerge becomes very, very small. We would consider life in these nations intolerable and extremely cruel. There you are just simply used as a resource to serve the existence and the survival of your group and the powers that lead you. There are even nations in your world today who are leaning in this direction. We have seen this and learned this through your communications, through your foolish broadcasting.

If you lose your resources, you will lose your freedom. Even without the Intervention, this would be the case. To keep civilization from collapsing, strict order would be imposed with no allowance for dissent or disagreement. This is why the destruction of your self-sufficiency has called both your allies and your competitors to your world. Your competitors see a great advantage. Your allies see a great need.

We do not need what your world has, but we do have a need to have another free nation in our midst-a nation that is not governed from afar, a nation that has established stability and security for its people, a nation that has grown in maturity and scope and that has become trustworthy and united.

We support this throughout the universe, and we greatly support it within our own region. That is why Knowledge has brought us in service to humanity. In the great tradition of life in the universe, those races that have achieved freedom and the collective awareness of Knowledge have a responsibility to provide Knowledge and wisdom to weaker races and to emerging races such as your own. Yet this provision must be undertaken without interference. That is one of the stipulations that is required. We can advise, but we cannot interfere if we are to pass this wisdom on to the peoples of the Earth, and if we are to empower the peoples of the Earth to become a strong and united race.

This great heritage in the transmission of wisdom has been underway since before anyone’s memory or awareness. It is part of the Plan of the Creator to share the achievements of one race with others. We assume this is happening everywhere in the universe, though we cannot tell for sure.

We were supported in re-establishing our freedom and independence, and now we are here to advise the human family as to what it must see, know and do to assure its freedom and independence. Thus, the tradition is maintained, and it continues onward.


==================================================================================
Sixth Briefing: Greater Community Realities


It is necessary now for us to correct certain assumptions that have been made in your world about life in the universe. These assumptions give you a very false impression of what is really happening in the worlds in your vicinity, how engagement between races is conducted and the freedom and the lack of freedom that exists in a highly inhabited part of the universe.

These are the constraints of living within a Greater Community, constraints that have benefits and limitations. The benefit for you is the relative peace that exists in this part of the galaxy, where nations are not attempting to conquer each other through the use of force, where outright violence is extremely rare and where you do not have to concern yourself with invading armies and armadas of ships approaching your world. You live in a very civilized and constrained region of space.

Nations behave because they are dependent upon one another. Having faced the depletion of their resources, they have, through persuasion and necessity, become dependent upon one another and therefore very much rely upon stable relations with one another. Yet resource explorers and economic Collectives still abound, engaged in trade both legal and illegal, undertaking activities that most worlds would not directly engage in.

Within this region of space, you will not be able to travel freely should you escape the limits of your solar system. Trade routes are established and are maintained for those races that use them. Some are extremely private. Some are very large and engage with systems far outside this region. Here you cannot go wherever you want, and travel is relatively slow.

Inter-dimensional travel has proven to be extremely dangerous. It has been the experience, in this part of the universe at least, that those who attempt it never return, for the portals are always moving and cannot be mapped or navigated reliably. Those who pass through them into another dimension find themselves either in someone else’s territory or in a reality in which they cannot survive. There is a reason there are boundaries between these dimensions.

You cannot go from one end of the galaxy to another. Indeed, no one has ever traveled the length of the galaxy that we are aware of. To leave one’s district is to leave the safety and security of one’s own sphere of influence. To travel outside this highly inhabited part of space is to enter areas that are dangerous and perhaps uncharted, where piracy is common and where you may enter another’s territory unknowingly, thus putting yourself at extreme risk.

Nations that live outside of well-established regions such as this maintain a very tight security, for they are very exposed to the uncertainties and the dangers that abound in the Greater Community. Free races engage with one another, but rarely travel in larger regions of space. Not being engaged in vast networks of commerce, they seek to remain hidden and thus secure.

There is long-range travel and trade, but only on established routes where security has been provided amongst member states, members in the organizations that run and oversee these routes of trade. If you are not part of such an association, you would not have access to these avenues of travel. Any attempt to travel outside of these avenues is considered very risky, for outside the routes of trade, there is the illegal trade, and here there is much danger to one’s security.

There is a reason why nations unite together for their defense-to establish their own networks of trade, to assure each other access to vital resources, to maintain stability in their regions and to counter any move at conquest or the expansion of an empire. Large empires are rare in the universe, as we have mentioned. They are inherently unstable and difficult to maintain.

Most nations represent one race, with variations of that race bred for certain purposes if collective breeding is undertaken by a world at all. Collective breeding has proven to be difficult with unforeseen consequences. The Collectives use it, but only for very specific tasks.

The environmental barriers are significant in space and are approached with extreme care and concern. Races in different worlds rarely visit each other freely. Only between free nations that have had long-standing contact with each other and understand one another’s environments thoroughly is this done with any laxity at all.

Very rarely will you find worlds where many different races co-exist, and certainly not amongst trading nations, where environmental or biological hazards can be introduced from outlying regions. As nations choose to live in higher states of technology, they become less and less adapted to natural environments, and the biological threshold therefore becomes extremely important and extremely hazardous.

Attempts have been made to establish colonies on Earth, but these colonies have all failed because of the biological hazard. The native races of your world were far too primitive to be considered important relations-important enough to establish major interbreeding activities. Attempts have been made to influence earlier cultures in your world, but the results have not been significant.

Those who are intervening in your world today do not represent races who have visited long ago, and thus have no right or claim to this planet or to any inherent association with the human family. Who you will be encountering are physical beings driven by physical needs. They are not demons. They are not angels. They will exploit you if they can, for you have not established yourself as a united race with any potency in the Greater Community yet, and until you do, others will seek to take advantage of the value of this world and your presence here.

There are great spiritual powers in the universe, but do not confuse them with those who are intervening in your world, or you will make a critical and perhaps fatal error in judgment.

Freedom is rare in the universe, that we are aware of. From what we have learned over many centuries, from engaging with races from afar and from receiving contacts from afar, the circumstances that we experience in these local regions of space are very similar in other areas as well.

Only in uncharted territories or in regions that are sparsely inhabited by technologically advanced races are the circumstances very different. These regions pose unique hazards. Even to a race that seeks to be insulated and isolated, they pose unique hazards.

That is why uncharted territories remain uncharted, for space exploration is only peripheral and is never carried very far. Ships require fuel. Fuel cannot be resupplied. Explorers enter regions where there are unknown forces. Explorers encounter environmental and logistical problems. Visiting terrestrial planets always has a biological hazard if they contain a large biological presence. Many groups have become sickened and have perished.

Travel in the universe is a very difficult and formidable task. Its distances are incredibly vast, and once you leave a known territory, you are on your own. If you do not have proper charting and maps, becoming lost is very easy, and finding your way back very difficult.

Nations use transmitters to communicate with distant travelers, but beyond a certain distance, it is impossible to locate a ship. This represents the limits of technology, limits that the human family has not reached. The human family dreams of unlimited power and abilities in the universe, thinking they can go wherever they want, do whatever they want and meet whomever they want. But, alas, the reality is so very different.

There is no race that is shepherding humanity as if you were the children and they were the parents. Yet you have potential allies whom you may engage with in the future, if ever you are to establish and maintain the three requirements for freedom that we have mentioned.

At this point, humanity is not ready for Contact, and that is one of the reasons why the Intervention is inappropriate and unethical. Humanity is unable to engage wisely with the Greater Community. It lacks the maturity, the unity, the strength and the discernment to be able to do this effectively. To engage with humanity under these circumstances is to take advantage of its weakness and its lack of wisdom and expertise. You cannot help a young race by interfering and trying to control its destiny, and no nation that is wise would try to attempt this. Those that do are here for their own purposes and are seeking the fulfillment of their own goals.

Humanity has built up layers of expectation, fantasy and belief that make it impossible for you to contemplate the reality of life beyond your borders or to see that the Greater Community is an expression of nature on a vast and incomprehensible scale. Here the laws of nature still continue and still limit the movements and the behavior of races. Technology cannot overcome this completely.

Many people may be disappointed by the universe that we are presenting, but this is the real universe that you will have to contend with, and you ignore the gifts of this vision at your own peril. The Greater Community is not a human universe governed by human values, human aspirations, human wishes or human history. Even the races close to you, relatively speaking, in this region of space are entirely different in appearance, in thought, in behavior, in the structure of their societies and civilization and in their emphasis. They would be incomprehensible to you, as you are incomprehensible to them.

Humanity is viewed by those few races who pay attention to this world as being chaotic, unruly and potentially dangerous. You are certainly not highly regarded for the way the Earth is being exploited and its wealth is being plundered.

You do not realize how valuable a tree is in the Greater Community, how valuable seeds are, the great need for fluids from plants and animals and the problem in securing biological resources and rare metals. That is why humanity is viewed as reckless and without wisdom.

Even though your competitors have no regard for you, your allies recognize the power of Knowledge that exists within the human family and its potential to guide you in the right direction and to prevent you from being easily seduced or to succumbing to your own weakness or to the persuasions of other races who would take advantage of your situation and your circumstances.

Your focus on war is entirely inappropriate in the Greater Community that you will encounter, where violence is extremely rare and is greatly suppressed. You will not be able to go out into the universe to exploit all the resources you have destroyed here on Earth without engaging yourself permanently in a complex network of trade and commerce, over which you will have little or no authority.

These are some of the corrections that must be made if humanity is to approach the Greater Community objectively, utilizing your awareness of nature, your awareness of your own history, the history of intervention in your world and what native peoples must do to establish their sovereignty and their self-determination amidst the presence of foreign and unanticipated powers.

Do not think that your subjugation represents your destiny. Do not believe that another race will come and govern you with wisdom and compassion. Do not think that gaining ever higher levels of technology will assure you any greater advantage in the Greater Community. Beyond the requirements of establishing your unity, your self-sufficiency and your discretion, technology becomes ever more hazardous. It begins to work against everything you have created for yourself.

Your greatest defense against exploitive powers in the universe is your unity, your self-sufficiency and your discretion. Certain levels of technology will have to be established to meet the needs of humanity in the future and to discern the presence of foreign visitors. But because you live in a well-inhabited region of space, you have certain advantages that prevent others from attempting to use force against you.

As races evolve, they begin to realize that force is destructive and that persuasion is far more beneficial, though perhaps more time consuming. This represents their strength and your weakness. But because Knowledge is alive within you, this weakness can be overcome.

The great opportunity for humanity is to finally achieve a state of unity, stability and security-security within and security without. Without this security, life is hazardous and continuously problematic and discordant.

You are entering a period now within your own world where stability and inner security will become ever more important, supplanting your emphasis on growth and expansion, requiring different kinds of behavior and a far greater degree of cooperation and assistance within the human family.

Adversity here is your ally if you can utilize it correctly. It is a decision not only for your leaders, but for your citizens as well. It is time for humanity to become mature, to enter into a more mature phase of its long history, to unite to establish a permanent and stable residence in this world and to establish boundaries and discernment regarding your interaction with other races.

If your emphasis on growth and expansion continues, you will move right into the Greater Community in the most vulnerable position you can imagine. We warn you against that.

Our presence here is a reminder that there are races in the universe who are free, who have earned their freedom and who have had to take great actions to restore their freedom whenever it has been threatened. The universe is a hazardous environment, but a maturing environment as well. You cannot be like adolescents functioning within this sophisticated environment.

These words represent part of our gift to humanity, a gift of wisdom-given without interference, given without manipulation, given without the effort to control or overtake human thought or behavior. It is a gift of incomparable value if you can receive it and apply it in your own world, in your own circumstances. The risks are immense. The requirements are great. You do not have a great deal of time to prepare for the Greater Community. Life is moving quickly. The Earth is being overwhelmed. You are destroying your life-giving resources at a very fast rate.

Therefore, you do not have much time, and we pray and trust that our guidance and counsel can be received as a gift of respect from our nations to yours, and that our intentions for you are clear and will not fall under suspicion. We have no design to engage with your world, for you are far from being ready for any real contact that would be beneficial to us. We do not seek what your world possesses, for we have attained self-sufficiency, which is perhaps the greatest achievement that any race can establish and maintain in the universe.

Perhaps in the future we may share more of how we have established our societies, but for right now there are greater matters at hand. You have greater issues to attend to. You must promote human unity. You must encourage the cessation of war for the reasons we have given for the security of the world and its position within a Greater Community of intelligent life.

Human unity, self-sufficiency and discretion are necessary if humanity is to gain freedom from constant intrusion and intervention from the Greater Community. Here humanity must establish its own rules of engagement regarding any visitation to this world and establish a boundary to space, over which humanity can preside. Humanity has been given by right and heritage dominance within this solar system as your natural sphere of influence, but beyond this you cannot extend yourself, nor should you, unless guided by Knowledge and wisdom.

These are recommendations and corrections. Heed them well, for they will serve you now. You cannot afford to indulge in fantasies and wishful thinking regarding the Greater Community in which you live. You must become strong and determined, and you must gain access to the deeper Knowledge that is within you, that is free from error and that cannot be persuaded by anything beyond the will and the power of the Creator of all life. It is this Knowledge that will resonate with our words and that will demonstrate to you our true intent and your great promise for the future.

There are many voices speaking to the world. Knowledge will tell you what to listen to, but your connection to Knowledge must be true, it must be deep and it must be strong. You were born to live in these times and to face these challenges, so the Creator of all life has endowed you with Knowledge that can lead you to do this correctly and effectively, both for the present and for the future.

Freedom is difficult to achieve and to maintain, but its reward is beyond estimation. Never forget this. Your freedom, our freedom and the possibility for freedom elsewhere represent the true expansion and evolution of life and the greatest promise and achievement for all who are living in this vast universe.


==================================================================================
Seventh Briefing: Questions & Answers

We are pleased to be able to respond to these questions, for we know they are important in giving you a greater understanding. You will need this understanding now, for the world is changing and your future and destiny is before you. It is our privilege to share this greater wisdom with you. We can only hope that it can be comprehended correctly and applied correctly, for such things can be misconstrued and grave error can arise from them. Let us begin now.
~
“How are you different from those forces who are intervening in the world today?”

We represent those free races in your region of space who still value individual freedom and who have stayed out of the larger networks of trade and commerce conducted by nations that, though powerful, do not honor individual freedom and do not recognize the power of Knowledge in the individual as a blessing and as a great resource.

We come here not to intervene but to share our wisdom and perspective that humanity will need now to proceed with greater certainty and greater strength and understanding in its engagement with life in the universe. You cannot give yourself this education. It cannot be taught in your universities or centers of learning. Therefore, it must be given to you by others who value your presence in the universe and do not want to see you fall under the persuasion and domination of foreign powers.

Therefore, our intent is entirely different from that of the Intervention. Our societies are entirely different. Our focus and our wisdom are entirely different. If you can understand that humanity must unite itself and gather its own strength and wisdom without foreign control, then you will understand why we are not intervening in the world, but instead only offering our wisdom, perspective and guidance for you to use or not to use, as you so choose.
~
“What does the Intervention want here on Earth?”

The Intervention seeks to control this world and the world’s peoples. It does this not only to meet its own goals of wealth and resource acquisition, but to serve larger powers who secretly will use the Intervention to gain control of the world. These larger powers would not dare to enter the world as the Intervention is doing now, but they will use these more unscrupulous forces to achieve their own goals of influence and acquisition.

The Intervention wants a compliant humanity. It does not want a rebellious humanity, for it could not manage that. The Intervention wants humanity to work agreeably-believing in its goals, principles and promises. These, of course, are false and deceiving, and it would be the gravest of errors if humanity were to follow these mandates.

Therefore, understand that you now have competition from the universe-competition for the value and the resources of this world, its strategic position and those things that are secretly hidden here beyond human awareness, which are of immense value to those races in the universe who are aware of them.

From this point forward, you will have to defend your world from intervention and from persuasion, which can be very powerful and very influential. These powers have been exerted in our worlds to the great detriment of our peoples, and we had to fight and struggle to regain our freedom and to ward off these influences and to keep them out of our districts. It is the price in the universe where freedom is rare.

Freedom requires vigilance. Freedom requires great care and great discernment. Humanity must develop these skills and these qualities if it is to survive in a diverse and influential universe, if it is to remain free and self-determined amidst the presence of other powerful forces.
~
“Are any of the visitors beneficial to humanity?”

No one who is visiting your world now or in recent times is beneficial to humanity. They all represent competing forces vying for power and influence here. They are all part of the Intervention, which is made up of more than one race. If you could understand your situation more thoroughly, then you would recognize that intervention in any form is detrimental to humanity and that such intervention is being carried out for self-interest to gain control and to gain domination.

No true ally of humanity would be in the world trying to manipulate human awareness, trying to control human behavior, trying to steer human destiny to its own ends.

Therefore, you are facing an unequivocal situation. You do not have the burden of trying to tell friend from foe amongst those who are intervening in the world. That would be very difficult for you to do, given the powers of persuasion that are being placed upon humanity at this time.

You have the benefit of facing a clear and unequivocal situation. Those who are visiting your world are here to manipulate and to deceive. They feel that their goals are correct and that they more than you could rule humanity beneficially. But that is according to their values, which does not esteem in any way individual freedom, nor does it value the greater qualities of the human nature and the achievements of humanity.
~
“Will anyone from space come to save humanity?”

No one will come to save humanity, and those who claim to be here for this purpose represent the Intervention itself. If humanity is ever to become strong and self-determined in the universe, it must save itself. What it needs from other races in the universe is the kind of wisdom and guidance we are providing through these sets of Briefings. This is what any other society in the universe who cares about humanity’s future and freedom could give in a world where a divided humanity is struggling with itself, despoiling its world and undermining the three basic achievements that are necessary for freedom: unity, self-sufficiency and discretion.

Do not think that others will come here to save humanity, for they will come here to save the world for themselves, and humanity will be but a resource they will use to achieve their own goals. Do not be foolish and naïve. Do not think that other races would expend the energy and invest themselves to such a great degree just to assure your freedom, for such an investment must be for their own purposes. This requires careful thought and consideration on your part, a very sober approach and a greater objectivity.
~
“If conquest is not allowed in this region of space, how can an Intervention occur and be successful?”

Conquest is not allowed in this region of space, so other means are sought through inducements, through the offering of gifts of technology and through persuading a native race that it alone cannot govern itself or assure its own future. It is these same persuasions that humanity places upon itself through its commercial and political persuasions.

Humanity has a greater destiny and a greater potential. Humanity can establish a sustainable use of this world. It can establish this security and stability, but it will have to proceed very differently than it is proceeding now. Otherwise, it will think that others will come to give it gifts, to uplift its science and technology, to show it how to live in peace.

But this is where you are vulnerable and fall easily under foreign persuasion. For such a peace does not exist amongst those who are intervening in the world. And there is no free energy in the universe that is truly free.

They will come to exploit you and to take advantage of your expectations and your naiveté. Therefore, you must be very wary here and very cautious. It is these powers of persuasion and powers of influence in the mental environment that will have such a great impact upon human thinking, human expectations and human emotions.

Here you either make yourself available to such persuasion, or you recognize you must resist it. Here humanity’s approach will make all the difference, for truly a small non-military force could gain ascendancy in the world without the use of force. It could do this through the power of persuasion and by offering the native people things that they think they want. This is how native peoples have been seduced throughout human history by other intervening powers. Now you are facing intervening from the universe, whose persuasion is much more sophisticated and much more powerful. If you are in their proximity, they can control your thinking, your feelings and your perception. This is the power they have of influence in the mental environment.

You can withstand this power because of the presence of Knowledge within yourself, the Knowledge that the Creator of all life has placed within you. For it cannot be persuaded. It cannot be deceived. And it cannot be corrupted. You will need to gain access to this greater Knowledge if you are to remain free and to develop wisdom and maturity in the Greater Community.
~
“What role, if any, do our governments play in assisting the activities of the Intervention?”

Some governments have assisted the Intervention, only to find it is working against them, and that it is deceptive and untrustworthy. Major governments in the world today have had contact in the past and have made certain agreements to allow the Intervention to function here in exchange for certain kinds of technology. But this has given license to a very dangerous intrusion into the human world and into human societies. Its influence is considerable and is directed to those individuals who are deemed to be the most compliant and the most easily persuaded.

But in recent times, there has been a shift to influence those in positions of leadership in commerce, for they are not accountable to the public. They are unelected and go largely unrecognized by the human population. They garner tremendous wealth, and they do not claim to have great scruples, such as your elected officials might proclaim. They can operate in secrecy, with very little accountability to anyone.

There has been a change, therefore, in the Intervention’s emphasis to move towards individuals in positions of leadership in commerce, particularly regarding resource acquisition and distribution. For these individuals hold great power in these arenas and are far more easily persuaded. Your people know not of what is occurring in your midst.
~
“Are any of the world’s governments resisting the Intervention?”

Yes, the United States and Russia are resisting the Intervention. That is one of the reasons they have ceased their competition that was so destructive over many decades. They are more cooperative now, for they realize they need one another to be successful in offsetting the impacts and the persuasion that is being cast upon humanity.

There are smaller governments assisting now, but primarily it is these two greater powers that hold such great military strength and persuasion in the world. It is they who had fallen under alien deception, and it is they who have now turned against the Intervention. That is why our contact on Earth, Marshall Vian Summers, can receive this information and can receive our Briefings and counsel without fear of government suppression.

He is being watched, we are sure, though we cannot tell to what extent. He is providing a service not only to the peoples of the world, but also to those governments who are aware of the Intervention and who are now opposing its presence and its activities in the world.
~
“Human scientists say that no one can travel faster than the speed of light. Therefore, how is it possible that the Intervention can come here or even that you could come here?”

This premise is certainly one that limits human understanding. If you could not travel faster than these speeds, you could not travel in space at all, and that perhaps is the assumption of many who still think that this is a barrier that cannot be surpassed.

Even before there were any human civilizations in the world, space travel was underway to a very large and sophisticated extent. You can travel faster than the speed of light and counteract its effect on time and aging, and this has been practiced far longer than any human civilization.

But travel is not as fast as you might think or imagine. It still takes time to travel between solar systems-sometimes, in your estimation and time frame, days and weeks or even months, depending on the distance one has to traverse. This, of course, would be astoundingly fast according to your notion, but you are still crawling along at a slow pace while other nations have been engaged in commerce, trade and travel for hundreds of thousands of your years, even in your region of space.

You do not live in some newly developed part of the universe. There has been a long history in this region, longer even than we can account for-a history of early war, conquest and conflict. This has been surpassed by a greater unity, a great network of trade and a great network of control-which has suppressed war and conflict, but which has also suppressed freedom and self-determination amongst its participating nations.

Therefore, you must consider that this barrier, called the speed of light, is something that humanity, in some distant future, will be able to overcome. Even on its own it will find a way to do this. But surely it cannot hold to such a limit as being defining. For we have come to be near the Earth, and now we are far away from the Earth, and the Intervention has come to intervene in the world, which it is doing now ever so greatly with each passing year. Trade and commerce is going on in many regions inside the galaxy, and we may only assume in other galaxies as well. So never think that technology in the universe is limited by human understanding or accomplishment.
~
“When will humanity be able to travel outside this solar system?”

Your travel outside this solar system may be possible within the next two centuries, but we say “may be possible” because you will have to face the great environmental change that is occurring in your world, which has the power to undermine human civilization. And you also have to face the consequences of intervention in your world, which could usurp human authority here and place humanity under foreign control and domination. Either of these two events could alter the course of human destiny thoroughly, could stifle and control humanity’s accomplishments and its destiny as a free and self-determined peoples in the universe.

Therefore, there are great dangers facing you now, and that is why our Briefings are so important and why we have been called by greater Spiritual Powers to come to the Earth to deliver our messages to a worthy world and a worthy people.
~
“You speak of individual freedom being rare in the universe. Why is this so?”

Freedom is difficult to cultivate. It can be unruly and disorganized. It can lead to dangerous individual assertions. It can have disastrous consequences if it is not governed wisely and conscientiously. It is far easier for nations to exert control and to establish authority over their peoples and societies. That is why most nations choose this easier and more expedient path, even though it leads to a far less productive and creative outcome.

Freedom is difficult to cultivate even on an individual level. It requires responsibility. It requires awareness. It requires wise governance and counsel. It requires a wise leadership and a willing and educated population. These things are all very challenging to establish, and that is why many nations choose the alternative route to stability.

We believe, however, that the path of individual freedom leads to a stronger nation and to greater creativity and accomplishments amongst its citizens for the benefit of all. We believe that repressive societies, though they may be common in the universe, do not have this creativity and cannot benefit from the wisdom and the greater purpose that each person carries. Thus, their achievements are limited, and they tend to copy one another, for they are not creative. New technology, new wisdom and new ways of creative social governance are not established in these nations. They are conservative, and they resist progressive thinking and progressive accomplishments.

Here humanity must see that it has one of two pathways to follow in establishing greater security and stability in the world. It will either create a repressive regime that will enforce order and stifle the creativity and freedom of individuals. Or it will choose the more difficult path of establishing a freer, more creative and more productive society.

It is our hope and wish that humanity will choose the path of freedom and build the freedom that it has already established in many parts of the world. It has of course, a long way to go in doing this, and it is not an easy task. But now with the prospect of diminishing resources in the world and the presence of intervening, manipulative forces, humanity faces a great challenge in this regard.

You can never take your freedom for granted in the universe. Freedom is a privilege and not merely a right. It must be built with strength and wisdom, and it must be protected with vigilance, always.
~
“If you were caught by the Intervention, what would happen to you and would there be consequences for your own worlds?”

If we were to be caught by the intervening forces, we would be tortured and exposed to cruel punishment to extract from us any information that we might have. Our home worlds would be discerned, and great external pressure would be brought to bear upon the leaders of our nations regarding our presence and influence here in the world. For our worlds have established agreements of non-interference in regions outside of our own, and this is what gives us our autonomy, an autonomy that is always fragile and under scrutiny for the possibility of revision.

According to our agreements, we are not allowed to be in the vicinity of your world giving such counsel, even if we are not directly intervening. But we are nearby, and our purpose is noble and worthy and guided by a greater Source. So certainly we would be tortured and destroyed, those of us who are gathered for this purpose. And our worlds would come under greater scrutiny and tremendous pressure, and our contracts guaranteeing our autonomy would be threatened and challenged.

This would be grave for our leadership. Therefore, we act with the greatest secrecy. That is why we do not describe our appearance. That is why we do not give our names, describe our worlds or tell you where our worlds reside. It is of the utmost importance to us that these things remain secret. We have not even revealed them to our contact here on Earth. Nor would we do so. For any human mind can be interfered with, and its understanding can be extracted by those intervening forces in the world now.

Therefore, you must understand the importance of discretion. That is why it is one of the three requirements for establishing and maintaining freedom in the universe: unity, self-sufficiency and discretion. You are only at the beginning of learning about the power of the mental environment. You are only beginning to learn how other races can gain access to human wisdom and understanding. You are only beginning to realize how much your freedom will have to be guarded and protected if it is to be sustained in a universe where freedom is rare.
~
“The Briefings state that the Intervention is promoting human conflict. How does it do this? Can you give us an example of what you have seen so far?”

You have but to promote religious extremism and nationalism and to convince the leaders and persuasive individuals that other peoples represent their enemy and a threat. You have only to project the images of spiritual saints and emissaries proclaiming the need to overcome adversaries. This is how the Intervention can promote conflict in the world. The United States’ engagement and its war in the nation of Iraq is a very good example of leaders being persuaded to do something that is utterly foolish, to engage in an intractable conflict with no certain outcome, committing so much of its resources, even risking world opinion to engage in this manner. Other nations, particularly nations that are powerful and influential, will be engaged in this way through persuasion by the Intervention-to diminish their power, to diminish their influence, to diminish the morale of their own peoples and to diminish their economies. For the Intervention needs humanity to decline in order to present itself as truly beneficial to human destiny.

Therefore, the Intervention will seek to weaken the strongest powers to degrade their influence in the world and to create an overall situation where the Intervention will be deemed truly valuable, and its counsel and its guidance will be attended to and followed

“You also indicate that the Intervention is pacifying people. How can it pacify people and yet promote human conflict?”

The Intervention is pacifying certain populations-the young people, the educated, those who are spiritually inclined, those who could not be encouraged to wage war or conflict against others. Those who could be the greatest emissaries for the Intervention will be pacified and directed. They will believe in the new leadership. They will believe that the Intervention is here to save a struggling and declining humanity.

Those who cannot be pacified can be encouraged to engage in their ancient animosities and their distrust of their neighbors, and to fortify their resistance and hostility towards their historic enemies. Lands can be contested. Resources will be contested increasingly. Even within nations, there will be groups who will arise, who will seek to destabilize and overtake those nations. Many groups will be governed by religious ideology, governed not only by the defaults of human nature, but also by the influence and guidance exerted by the Intervention itself.
~
“Is the Intervention manipulating food production or any other industries here on Earth?”

The Intervention does not need to manipulate food production, as it is declining as a result of humanity’s impact on your own environment. Other industries, such as the military industries-industries that supply and support military efforts and military adventures-these are certainly being encouraged. There are forces encouraging human conflict. This represents the impact of the Intervention. While there is an incentive for peace, there is also an incentive for conquest. That is why many nations are building their military capacity. At least they were when we were last in the vicinity of your world, and we must assume that this is continuing.

This is not only the result of human mistrust and human fear. It also represents the impact of the Intervention. The Intervention is not threatened by your weapons. Only nuclear power and nuclear weapons threaten its existence here. And these things cannot be used without great consequence to the welfare and to the future of humanity.

The Intervention is using power in the mental environment-the powers of persuasion, powers which humanity is only beginning to discern and to understand. Humanity still thinks that military power will determine its fate and its future, but in a universe of greater skill and greater influence, this will not prove to be effective. This represents a new threshold of learning and accomplishment for the human family.
~
“Can you reveal where the Intervention bases on Earth are so that we can shut them down?”

We do not have full knowledge of this. Certainly, the first bases were established in the oceans and shallow waters, away from the presence of human military forces-in the Arctic regions and in areas where there is no military establishment. Bases underground, which are far more difficult to establish, have been built in mountain regions. Transmitters have been established in mountain regions, which have cities at their base-transmitters to affect the mental environment and pacify the public. This represents one of the efforts of the Intervention.

We do not know where all of these transmitters have been placed, but we do know they are being used. We do not know where all the bases have been established, particularly on land. We were never near enough to the surface of the Earth to be able to witness these things ourselves and can only understand their existence by deciphering the transmissions of the Intervention. Yet it is enough for you to know that such bases exist here and that there is a significant alien presence in the world. It is not a military presence. It represents the skillful use of commercial forces by those who have gained power and influence in the mental environment.

You will have to change your understanding of the use of power to realize how strong an influence this is and how much more effective it is towards establishing your goals and priorities than the exertion of military power. The exertion of military power is restrained in your world, and it is greatly suppressed in this part of the galaxy.
~
“If the Intervention is overcome, what should humanity do with all the individuals who are a result of the hybridization program?”

If the Intervention can be overcome, you will face future interventions. But regarding the presence of such individuals, you will have to reincorporate them into the human society, and that will require a great investment of time and energy. These individuals will actually be able to be beneficial participants in society, but their understanding and the influences upon them will have to change remarkably.

Some could become wise seers. But it is their allegiance to humanity that will have to be fully established, and they will have to learn to shield themselves from the effects of the Intervention, which can influence them even if the Intervention is not present in the world. For in space, influence in the mental environment can accrue over vast distances. Once influence has been established, this can take place.

This will be a challenge. These individuals can become beneficial to humanity if their allegiance can be placed here and if persuasions upon them can be minimized or eliminated.
~
“Inter-dimensional travel seems to be the fastest way to get around in space. Why is it not being used?”

Inter-dimensional travel, though greatly promising, has proven to be disastrous, for you cannot control your reentry, and even if you could find one of the portals, which are constantly in motion, you would not be able to ascertain where you would emerge-into what kind of physical environment or physical condition you would find yourself. That is why so many craft that have attempted this transference have never returned.

The portals remain a mystery. Inter-dimensional travel remains a hypothesis. We know that certain races have been able to bridge the gulf between dimensions. They have been able to communicate from the other dimension, but they were not able to return, and contact with them was short lived, leading to an uncertain outcome.

Humanity hopes and believes that such things will be available to it so that it can travel anywhere it wants, to move across the galaxy in an instant, to emerge in any environment. But the reality of the Greater Community will change these notions, will temper your ambitions and will show you a very different reality than the one that you imagine for yourself.

Even if you could emerge through such travel, you would end up in the vicinity of foreign worlds with whom you do not have relations or in physical environments that are entirely hazardous. You would have no way of charting a corridor route there unless you had allies existing in that region. And such alliances would be very difficult to establish, for no race wants to be intruded upon by races from afar in this manner. This would be a challenge to their security and to their network of local trade. They would be greatly threatened by the appearance of a foreign race with whom they had no history or relations.

You have but to think of these things more carefully, more objectively, to see and to understand what we are conveying to you. This requires a serious consideration. Otherwise, you will continue to indulge in fantasies of high technology and instantaneous space travel. But you will have to face a very different reality as you emerge into a Greater Community of life.
~
“Many people here on Earth would love to travel to other worlds and meet other races there, yet you indicate that this would be very limited. Why is this the case?”

Most nations do not welcome visitation unless it is from those who are its longstanding trading partners, and even here visitation will be limited, for societies do not want to be influenced by other societies. Certainly any free nation would not be welcome to visit a nation that is not free.

Then there is the problem of biological contamination. We can think of no world where humanity would be welcome at all given the biological reality of your world and the tremendous threat it could impose upon a foreign world. They are not prepared to deal with the innumerable biological agents and influences that exist here, and to receive an emissary from Earth would be a very challenging prospect for them.

If they were not a free society, they would not be interested in your individual expressions. They would be threatened by your music and your art. They would not want these influences to be exerted upon their cultures. They would not want their own populations to witness you or to understand you, for in this, you would be a great threat to them and to all they have invested in establishing their highly controlled societies.

You would not be able to reach other nations because you would have to cross territories owned by others. You would have to use trade routes governed by trading authorities. You would have to make agreements and compromises. You would have to come to terms with many other powers just to travel freely in this region of space. If you traveled outside these established routes, you would always face the danger of piracy. You would also face the danger of becoming lost.

Even amongst our worlds, we would not welcome human visitation at this time, for you are not yet wise enough, united enough or discerning enough for us to establish active relations with you. That is why no one should be intervening in the world. No one should be attempting to establish relations with the human family, and those that do are here for their own purposes, to establish their own quest for power and domination.

You, who are naïve and do not understand the realities of life and travel in the universe, have yet to see these things clearly. But if you think carefully about this, you will understand. There are nations even within your own world that you could not visit freely at this moment because they are not free, because they would not welcome your influence and your presence in their midst. Though such nations are few, their examples serve to illustrate what we are saying.

The universe is far more diverse, and its societies are far more different from one another than anything you have established here on Earth. Races are far more different from each other. And trust in relations can take a very long time to establish and is always maintained with great scrutiny and care. This represents the reality that you will face as you emerge into this larger arena of life.
~
“It appears very likely that we will run out of at least some of our essential resources in the near future. How can human civilization continue if we do not receive technology and assistance from our neighbors in space?”

If you seek to gain technology and assistance, you will be drawn into the persuasions, requirements and the commercial trade networks of other nations. They will limit your freedom. They will limit what you can do here on Earth. They will influence the kind of societies you will create in the future and will greatly limit the freedom allowed your citizens. You would give up so much for this technology and assistance. You do not yet realize what a great loss this would be and how much humanity would lose in the exchange.

You have enough here on Earth if humanity will govern itself wisely and if nations will cooperate sufficiently to preserve the resources of the world and to use them in a sustainable manner. You will need to build new technology, but even more than technology, you will need the will and the cooperation to do this.

Over time, humanity will have to find beneficial and humane ways of limiting its population and limiting its consumption. It would be a very different world than the world you live in today, which is based upon the desire and the expectation of endless growth and expansion.

To be self-sufficient is one of the requirements for freedom. For humanity to be self-sufficient in this world would require a very different creation of society and a very different set of priorities for your leaders and your citizens.

What will bring about this great change but necessity itself? You are facing great change in the world-great environmental change, great change that all advancing technological societies have had to face or will have to face inevitably in their evolution. It is how you recognize and prepare for this, how you respond to this and what kind of society you build, whether it be free or repressive, that will determine the future of human existence in this world.
~
“Are there many worlds such as ours in space?”

There are many worlds that have been stripped of their natural resources and have become barren as a result. Certainly, terrestrial worlds such as yours are rare, maybe one out of five or six thousand planets contain the biological diversity that you enjoy and take for granted here in your world. That still accounts for many planets in the universe. But such planets are always occupied, are always valued and the native races always have to defend their rights, their privileges and their stewardship as they begin to emerge into the Greater Community.

Terrestrial planets create biological hazards for visitors. And that is why colonization is usually attempted once the native race has either established a usable network that the visitors can use, such as is the case here on Earth, or have destroyed themselves through conflict and war, leaving an open door for intervention to occur, even military intervention. Military intervention is allowed in this region of space under such conditions. This represents part of the ethics of contact that are assumed and are practiced by many nations in this part of the Greater Community.
~
“Many people conclude that the visitors are beneficial because they haven’t already attacked us and taken over. What would you say to this?”

The Intervention is not here to attack humanity but to persuade humanity. The Intervention needs a compliant humanity to work for it and to engage with it to become part of its Collective. This assumption that humanity would be attacked and overtaken is entirely wrong. It is how you view gaining access to new lands and new resources.

But even in your modern world, economic, more than military, forces are used to gain acquisition to resources, and this is what is happening to the world regarding its relations in space. You are encountering small, economic Collectives who are here to begin the process of acquisition that larger nations can assume later on, if the Intervention is successful in establishing its presence and its power in your world.

To think that you would be attacked is wrong, and to think that because you have not been attacked that the forces that are here are beneficial is wrong. Both are based upon false assumptions. Therefore, the conclusions are incorrect.

Humanity, living so long in isolation and being so warlike yourselves, is certainly likely to make such assumptions and to continue to believe in them and to uphold them. It is human ignorance that gives rise to such things, and human arrogance as well. For you may be preeminent in your own world, but you have no preeminence in the Greater Community, and you are not looked upon favorably by your nearest neighbors because of your warlike tendencies and destructive use of your environment.

Those neighbors who are not free will look upon the freedoms that you have cultivated thus far with great anxiety and with great concern, not wanting these influences to be exerted within their own worlds. You have no idea what your music and your dance could evoke in such worlds and why they are viewed as a threat to those controlling powers that dominate them.
~
“How do free races maintain their autonomy and keep races that are not free from interfering?”

Ah, this is the challenge! This is the challenge that awaits you if you are able to offset the Intervention that is occurring in the world today. The interest in your world will not cease, and attempts to influence you will continue. How would you keep such influences at bay? For free races living in larger neighborhoods of worlds that are not free, often this requires the signing of non-interference contracts, which stipulate generally that the free nations will not participate beyond their boundaries and areas or regions of influence. They will not try to exert or promote their freedom abroad. In exchange for this, other nations agree to stay out of their areas of influence and to not contact them directly.

So various kinds of contracts like this are often made in highly inhabited regions of space, but such contracts are subject to change and reevaluation, and that is why the free nations do not travel beyond their districts or seek to promote freedom abroad. For that would violate their own autonomy and their own insulation from the Greater Community itself.

In areas where there is not a large concentration of nations, free nations will have to maintain their security through military means, aggressively challenging anyone who would come into their vicinity. This is less desirable, of course, but in sparsely populated regions in uncharted territories, this is definitely required. Everyone in the universe is looking for resources. Many in the universe want to have influence over other nations. Even in largely inhabited regions such as this, these desires and these needs continue.

Therefore, it is a tenuous balance that a free nation or a group of free nations must establish in order to keep the Greater Community out of their territories and to prevent the kind of intervention that is occurring in the world today.

Humanity still thinks the universe is a great empty place awaiting exploration, awaiting colonization, with infinite resources there for the taking, if only humanity can establish a sufficient technology to gain access to them. Yet these assumptions all stem from your isolation and your profound ignorance about the nature of life, commerce and interactions in the Greater Community.

We understand this, and we do not condemn you for it, for we too had many of the same assumptions before contact with the Greater Community began for us, before intervention was attempted in our worlds. Since then, we have established greater autonomy, but it must be guarded carefully, both in the physical environment and in the mental environment.

Other nations employ seers who try to see into our worlds, to see what kind of technology we are producing and to see where our power and our weakness reside. We must offset these intrusions in the mental environment with seers of our own, who are guided by Knowledge, who would obstruct this kind of intervention in the mental environment.

This is all a new frontier to you and to human science and to human religion. Power in the mental environment in many ways can be equivalent to power in the physical environment, and the dangers and defenses that must be established here are significant. This is the price of freedom in the universe-constant vigilance, constant care and great responsibility.
~
“You keep mentioning that Knowledge is the most powerful force in the universe. How can that be true when there are so many other powerful forces to deal with?”

Knowledge represents the power to see, to know and to act with certainty. It also represents the power to resist persuasion, deception and influence in the mental environment. The individual or the nation that has this strength has the power to resist intervention and to comprehend the intentions and the activities of other nations who might be threatening to its freedom or existence.

It is the ultimate form of intelligence, you see, and seers who are guided by Knowledge are more powerful than seers who are not. Here you are able to discern the future and future events before they happen, with varying degrees of accuracy. Here you are able to discern the intentions of others and the capabilities of others without the use of technology. Here you can pretend to be weak when in fact you are really strong. Here you can appear to be non-aggressive when in fact you can be incisive in your inquiries. Here you can be well protected and well defended without requiring a great military force or infrastructure. Here you can make wise decisions regarding your relations with other nations even if their intentions are questionable or uncertain. Here you can engage in diplomacy with other nations with far more certainty than you would have otherwise.

It is this power and this Knowledge that humanity will need if it is to gain the strength and commitment to establish greater unity amongst its nations and the wise and sustaining use of the world. This will overcome greed and avarice. This will overcome competition, conflict and war. This will overcome grievance and hatred and inequality.

That is why Knowledge is the greatest power in the universe. It is a power that the Intervention is not using, or it would not be here engaged in the activities it is undertaking. This is the power that will give humanity the power to offset intervention and to prevent future interventions. This is the power to give humanity the stability to establish a new world with far greater equanimity and equality, justice and freedom.

Think upon these things.

